
EXHIBIT 4.25 INFORMATION IN THIS EXHIBIT IDENTIFIED BY [ * * * ]  IS  CONFIDENTIAL AND  HAS   BEEN   EXCLUDED  BECAUSE IT  IS  BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE REGISTRANT IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SERVICES AGREEMENT This Services Agreement (this "Agreement") is  entered  into on  October 1, 2019  and is  made  effective as of  November 1, 2019  (the "Effective  Date  "), by and between [ * * * ] (the "Provider"), and TELCOSTAR PTE, LTD., a company  organized  and  existing  under the laws of Singapore and Ability Computer & Software Industries Ltd, a company  organized  and  existing  under the laws of the State of Israel (each and both of them "Recipient"). Each of the foregoing parties is  referred  to herein as a "Party" and together as the "Parties". RECITALS A. Recipient  wishes  to  engage  the Provider to  provide  certain services and resources (the "Services") and Provider desires to  provide  Recipient with the Services all in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. AGREEMENT The Parties hereby  agree  as  follows  : 1. Services. 1.1 Provision of Services. (a) Provider  agrees  to  provide  the Services set forth on the Exhibit A  attached  hereto (as such Exhibit may be  amended  or  supplemented  pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, the "Exhibit") to Recipient for the respective periods and on the other terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Exhibit. Notwithstanding the contents of the Exhibit, Provider  agrees  to  respond  in good faith to any reasonable request by Recipient for access to any additional services and resources that are necessary for the operation of the Recipient and which are not  currently   contemplated  in the Exhibit, at a price to be  agreed  upon after good faith negotiations between the Parties. Any such additional services and resources so  provided  by Provider shall  constitute  Services under this Agreement and be subject in all respect to the provisions of this Agreement as if fully set forth on the Exhibit as of the date hereof. (b) Recipient may freely  assign  its rights under this Agreement to  receive  the Services to any of its affiliates. 1.2 Standard of Service. (a) Provider  represents  , warrants and  agrees  that the Services shall be  provided  in good faith, in accordance with applicable law and in a manner generally consistent with the historical provision of the Services and with the same standard of care as historically  provided  . (b) Provider shall  maintain  complete and accurate records  relating  to the provision of the Services under this Agreement, in such form as Recipient shall  approve  . (c) Provider shall  use  its best efforts to  provide  for employees or contractors to  perform  the Services, each of whose names, positions, and respective levels of experience and relevant licenses shall be set out in Exhibit A  attached  hereto (collectively, the "Provider Representatives"). Provider may not  make  any change in the Provider Representatives without the prior consent of the Recipient. Provider Representatives shall be  dedicated  to solely  providing  the Services to Recipient and shall not  provide  any such services or resources to Provider or any other customer of Provider. (d) Recipient  acknowledges  that this Agreement  does  not  create  a fiduciary relationship, partnership, joint venture or relationships of trust or agency between the Parties and that all Services are  provided  by Provider as an independent contractor. (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 1.2: (a) in the event that Provider  uses  any subcontractors to  perform  any Services, Provider is not  released  from responsibility for its obligations under this Agreement; (b) Provider shall  remain  fully responsible, financially and otherwise, for the Services  provided  by each subcontractor to the same extent as if Provider had  performed  the Services itself (subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement) and  agrees  to  pay  the fees and expenses of any such subcontractor; (c) Provider shall  remain  ultimately responsible for  ensuring  that the Services are  provided  and any such subcontractor  performs  any such obligations in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and (d) the obligations with respect to the nature, quality and standards of care set forth in Section 1.2 are satisfied with respect to any Service  provided  by any subcontractor. (f) Provider shall at all times during the  term  of this Agreement  maintain  , or  cause  to be  maintained  , the computer software and computer hardware that is  used  in connection with the Services with substantially the same degree of care, skill and diligence with which Provider  maintains  , or  causes  to be  maintained  , as of the Effective  Date  , such computer software and computer hardware for itself, consistent with past practices, as of the Effective  Date  ,  including  without limitation, with respect to type, quality and timeliness of such maintenance. 1.3 Additional Services. Nothing in this Agreement shall be  construed  to  prevent  the Recipient from itself  performing  or from  acquiring  services from other providers that are similar to or identical to the Services. 1.4 Intellectual Property. (a) Recipient shall  own  , and Provider hereby irrevocably  assigns  to the Recipient, all rights, title, and interest in any invention, technique, process, device, discovery, improvement, or  know  -how, whether patentable or not and all other proprietary rights, industrial rights and any other similar rights, in each case on a worldwide basis, and all copies and tangible embodiments thereof, or any part thereof, in whatever form or medium hereafter  made  or  conceived  solely or jointly by Provider while  working  for or on behalf of the Recipient, which  relate  to, is  suggested  by, or results from the Services. (b) At Recipient's request, Provider shall  disclose  any such invention, technique, process, device, discovery, improvement, or  know  -how promptly to Recipient. Provider shall, upon request of Recipient, promptly  execute  a specific assignment of title to Recipient, and  do  anything else reasonably necessary to  enable  Recipient to  secure  for itself, patent, trade secret, or any other proprietary rights. 2





(c) All writings or works of authorship,  including  , without limitation, program codes or documentation,  produced  or  authored  by Provider in the course of  performing  services for the Recipient, together with any associated copyrights, are works  made  for hire and the exclusive property of the Recipient. To the extent that any writings or works of authorship may not, by operation of law, be works  made  for hire, this Agreement shall  constitute  an irrevocable assignment by Provider to the Recipient of the ownership of and all rights of copyright in, such items, and the Recipient shall have the right to  obtain  and  hold  in its own name, rights of copyright, copyright registrations, and similar protections which may be available in the works. Provider shall  give  the Recipient or its designees all assistance reasonably  required  to  perfect  such rights. 2. Compensation. 2.1 Responsibility for Wages and Fees. For such time as any employees of Provider are  providing  the Services to Recipient under this Agreement, (a) such employees will  remain  employees of Provider and shall not be  deemed  to be employees of Recipient for any purpose, and (b) Provider shall be solely responsible for the payment and provision of all wages, bonuses and commissions, employee benefits,  including  severance and worker's compensation, and the withholding and payment of applicable taxes  relating  to such employment. 2.2 Terms of Payment and Related Matters. (a) As consideration for provision of the Services  following  the Effective  Date  , Recipient shall  pay  Provider an amount equal to Provider's actual cost of  providing  the Services plus a 10% service fee. In addition to such amount, in the event that Provider incurs reasonable and  documented  out-of-pocket expenses in the provision of any Service,  including  , without limitation, license fees and payments to third-party service providers or subcontractors (such  included  expenses, collectively, "Out-of-Pocket Costs"), Recipient shall  reimburse  Provider for all such Out-of-Pocket Costs. (b) (i) Provider shall  provide  Recipient with  monthly  invoices ("Invoices"), which shall set forth in reasonable detail, with such  supporting  documentation as Recipient may reasonably  request  with respect to Out-of-Pocket Costs,  amounts  payable under this Agreement, and (ii) payments pursuant to this Agreement shall be  made  within fifteen (15)  days  after the date of receipt of an Invoice by Recipient from Provider. (c) Provider shall  allow  the Recipient to  use  [ * * * ] at no cost, until  December 31, 2021 . 2.3 Invoice Disputes. In the event of an Invoice dispute, Recipient shall  deliver  a  written  statement to Provider prior to the date payment is due on the  disputed  Invoice  listing  all  disputed  items and  providing  a reasonably detailed description of each  disputed  item.  Amounts  not so  disputed  shall be  deemed   accepted  and shall be  paid  , notwithstanding disputes on other items. The Parties shall  seek  to  resolve  all such disputes expeditiously and in good faith. Provider shall  continue   performing  the Services in accordance with this Agreement  pending  resolution of any dispute. 3





2.4 No Right of Setoff. Each of the Parties hereby  acknowledges  that it shall have no right under this Agreement to  offset  any amounts  owed  (or to  become  due and owing) to the other Party, whether under this Agreement, the Purchase Agreement or otherwise, against any other amount  owed  (or to  become  due and owing) to it by the other Party. 3. Termination. 3.1 Termination of Agreement. This Agreement be  deemed  effective as of the Effective  Date  , Agreement and shall  terminate  on  December 31, 2020 , unless  terminated  earlier in accordance with Section 3.2. 3.2 Each of the Recipient and the Provider may, in their sole discretion,  terminate  this Agreement in whole or in part, at any time without cause, and without liability except, in the case of the Recipient, for  required  payment for services  rendered  and reimbursement for authorized expenses  incurred  , by  providing  at least 90 (ninety)  days  ' prior  written  notice to the other party (such date, the "Services Termination  Date  "). 3.3 Breach. Any Party (the "Non-Breaching Party") may  terminate  this Agreement with respect to any Service, in whole but not in part, at any time upon prior  written  notice to the other Party (the "Breaching Party"), if the Breaching Party has  failed  (other than pursuant to Section 3.6) to  perform  any of its material obligations under this Agreement  relating  to such Service, and such failure shall have  continued  without cure for a period of  30 days  after receipt by the Breaching Party of a  written  notice of such failure from the Non-Breaching Party  seeking  to  terminate  such service. For the avoidance of doubt, non-payment by Recipient for a Service  provided  by Provider in accordance with this Agreement and not the subject of a good-faith dispute shall be  deemed  a breach for purposes of this Section 3.3. 3.4 Insolvency. In the event that either Party hereto shall (a) file a petition in bankruptcy, (b)  become  or be  declared  insolvent, or  become  the subject of any proceedings (not  dismissed  within sixty (60)  days  )  related  to its liquidation, insolvency or the appointment of a receiver, (c)  make  an assignment on behalf of all or substantially all of its creditors, or (d)  take  any corporate action for its winding up or dissolution, then the other party shall have the right to  terminate  this Agreement by  providing   written  notice in accordance with Section 6.6. 3.5 Effect of Termination. Upon termination of this Agreement in its entirety pursuant to Section 3.1, all obligations of the Parties hereto shall  terminate  , except for the provisions of Section 2.2, and the entirety of Sections 4, 5 and 6, which shall  survive  any termination or expiration of this Agreement. 3.6 Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason, Provider shall promptly: (a)  Deliver  to  Recipient  all documents, work product, and other materials, whether or not complete,  prepared  by or on behalf of Provider in the course of  performing  the Services for which Recipient has  paid  . (b)  Return  to Recipient all Recipient  -owned  property, equipment, or materials in its possession or control. 4





(c)  Remove  any Provider- owned  property, equipment, or materials  located  at Recipient's locations. (d)  Deliver  to Recipient, all documents and tangible materials (and any copies)  containing  ,  reflecting  , incorporating, or  based  on Recipient's Confidential Information. (e) On a pro rata basis,  repay  all fees and expenses  paid  in advance for any Services which have not been  provided  . (f) Permanently  erase  all of Recipient's Confidential Information from its computer systems. (g) Certify in  writing  to Recipient that it has  complied  with the requirements of this Section 3.6 3.7 Force Majeure. If Provider is  prevented  from or  delayed  in complying, either totally or in part, with any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement by reason of fire, flood, storm, strike, lockout or other labor trouble or shortage, delays by unaffiliated suppliers or carriers, shortages of fuel, power, raw materials or components, any law, order, proclamation, regulation, ordinance, demand, seizure or requirement of any governmental authority, riot, civil commotion, war, rebellion, acts of terrorism, nuclear accident or other causes beyond the reasonable control of Provider, or acts, omissions, or delays in  acting  by any governmental or military authority or Recipient (each, a "Force Majeure"), then upon  written  notice to Recipient, the Services  affected  by the Force Majeure (the "Affected Services") and/or other requirements of this Agreement will be  suspended  during the period of such Force Majeure and Provider will have no liability to Recipient or any other party in connection with such Affected Services. If the Force Majeure in question  prevails  for a continuous period in excess of  three months  after the date on which the Force Majeure  begins  , Provider shall be  entitled  to  give  notice to Recipient to  terminate  the Affected Services. The notice to  terminate  must  specify  the termination date, which must be not less than ten (10)  days  after the date on which the notice to  terminate  is  given  . Once a notice to  terminate  has been validly  given  , the Affected Services will  terminate  on the termination date set out in the notice. Neither Party shall have any liability to the other in respect of termination of the Affected Services due to Force Majeure, but rights and liabilities which have  accrued  prior to termination shall subsist. 5





4. Confidentiality. 4.1 Confidentiality. During the  term  of this Agreement and thereafter, the Parties  hereto  shall, and shall  instruct  their respective representatives to,  maintain  in confidence and not  disclose  the other Party's financial, technical, sales, marketing, development, personnel, and other information, records, or data,  including  , without limitation, customer lists, supplier lists, trade secrets, designs, product formulations, product specifications or any other proprietary or confidential information, however  recorded  or  preserved  , whether  written  or oral (any such information, "Confidential Information"). Each Party hereto shall  use  the same degree of care, but no less than reasonable care, to  protect  the other Party's Confidential Information as it  uses  to  protect  its own Confidential Information of like nature. Unless otherwise  authorized  in any other agreement between the Parties, any Party  receiving  any Confidential Information of the other Party (the "Receiving Party") may  use  Confidential Information only for the purposes of  fulfilling  its obligations under this Agreement (the "Permitted Purpose").
