
Exhibit 10.27

MARKETING AFFILIATE AGREEMENT

Between:

Birch First Global Investments Inc. And

Mount Knowledge Holdings Inc.  Dated  :  May 8, 2014 

1

Source: CYBERGY HOLDINGS, INC., 10-Q,  5/20/2014 





1. 2. 2.1

2.2

This Marketing Affiliate Agreement (the "Agreement") is  entered  into this 8th  day  of  May 2014 , by and between BIRCH FIRST GLOBAL INVESTMENTS INC., a corporation  incorporated  in the U.S. Virgin Islands, with its main place of business  located  9100 Havensight, Port of Sale, Ste. 15/16, St. Thomas, VI 0080 ( referred  to as "Company") and MOUNT KNOWLEDGE HOLDINGS INC. and/or  assigns  , a corporation  incorporated  in the State of Nevada, with its main place of business  located  at 228 Park Avenue S. #56101 New York, NY 10003­1502 ( referred  to as "Marketing Affiliate" or "MA"). WHEREAS, this Agreement is to set forth in a formal agreement the prior verbal understandings between the parties in place since  December 31, 2012   pertaining  to the business  described  hereinbelow; and

WHEREAS, Company, the owner of certain distribution rights to the Technology, technology and content as set forth in Exhibit A and related technical documentation (hereafter collectively  referred  to as Technology,  wishes  to  contract  for the marketing and/or support of the Technology, and MA  wishes  to  market  and/or  support  the Technology. Accordingly, Company and MA  agree  as  follows  :

Effective  Date  and  Term  . This agreement shall  begin  upon the  date  of its execution by MA and acceptance in writing by Company and shall  remain  in effect until the end of the  current  calendar  year  and shall be automatically  renewed  for successive one (1)  year  periods unless otherwise  terminated   according  to the cancellation or termination provisions  contained  in paragraph 18 of this Agreement. Company and MA  acknowledge  that this Agreement is not a franchise as that  term  is  defined  under any and all applicable local, state and/or federal laws in U.S., as  amended  . Grant of Rights. General Rights. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Company hereby  grants  to MA the right to  advertise  , market and  sell  to corporate users, government agencies and educational facilities ("Clients") for their own internal language learning, soft skills and communication purposes only, and not for remarketing or redistribution, and not for use in a data center environment for multiple users Clients, unless otherwise  agreed  to by Company prior in writing, the Technology  listed  in Schedule A of this Agreement, and to  sell  and/or  bundle  Technology Maintenance for the Technology and to  provide  first line technical support and implementation services for the Technology in the territories  listed  in Schedule A of this Agreement,  providing  MA  meets  the criteria  required  for  delivering  services  according  to Schedule A. Third Party Rights. Company and MA  acknowledge  that Company  derives  certain rights herein from third parties and that Company  reserves  the right to  modify  or  amend  this Agreement if  mandated  by such third parties. 2

Source: CYBERGY HOLDINGS, INC., 10-Q,  5/20/2014 





3. 3.1

3.2

3.3

3.4

3.5

3.6

Duties of MA. Best Efforts. MA  agrees  to  use  its best efforts to  market  and  license  the Technology to Clients consistent with the terms of this Agreement. License Agreement. MA shall  execute  a Company License Agreement/Client Registration Form with Clients and  present  that License Agreement/Client Registration Form to Company after each purchase of the Technology. Upon the execution of this Agreement, Company shall  provide  copies of its end user license agreements to MA. MA shall promptly  review  such agreements and  advise  Company as to what revisions, if any, should be  made  to the end user license agreements for resale in the Territory set forth in Schedule A to  ensure  that the agreements  comply  with requirements of local law in the Territory, and that Company has protection  concerning  proprietary rights, warranty disclaimers and limitations of liability under such local and federal laws of the U.S. For purposes of this Agreement, the Technology means the electronic access to programs, content and documentation, and Company's end user license agreement as it may be  modified  by Company for use in the Territory. The relationship between the corporate user and Company and/or its Affiliates shall be as  specified  in the applicable Company end user license agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, as between Company and MA, MA shall be responsible as  defined  for  providing  customer and technical support to  end  users in the Territory. MA will  notify  Company immediately in the event that it is unable to  respond  effectively to any end users' requests. Copyrights and Trademarks. MA shall  protect  copyrights, tradenames, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets and other confidential proprietary rights and information of Company and its affiliates and  report  promptly any infringements or  suspected  infringements of which MA  becomes  aware and to  cooperate  fully with Company in its efforts to  protect  its copyrights, tradenames, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets and other confidential proprietary rights and information. No Alternations. MA  agrees  not to  remove  or  alter  in any manner any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices  contained  in the Technology. Permits, Licenses and Compliance with Laws. MA shall be responsible and shall  bear  all costs for  complying  with local, state, provincial, federal, national, and international statutes, rules, regulations and ordinances of any kind which  related  to or  affect  MA's duties under this Agreement. Product Support. MA  agrees  , when  specified  , to  provide  Clients with the support necessary to  meet  the reasonable needs and requirements for installation and operation of the Technology. 3

Source: CYBERGY HOLDINGS, INC., 10-Q,  5/20/2014 





3.7

3.8

3.9

(a) (b) (c) (d)

3.10

3.11

3.12

Sales Records. MA shall  keep  accurate records of the sales of the Technology and Maintenance,  including  Client Registration Cards and shall  make  these records available for review by a representative of Company within ten (10) business days  following  the end of  each month . Sales and Technical Training . MA shall  attend  initial marketing, application, and technical training as  required  and  provided  by Company;  provided  , however, that Company shall not  require  MA to  market  or  support  Technology  according  to a marketing plan or system  prescribed  in substantial part by Company. The MA will however, be responsible to  display  and  explain  in detail the methods by which they  plan  to  achieve  the assigned quotas. Sales Reports. MA shall  report  periodically in writing, upon request to Company the status of the  following  :

Leads  provided  by Company Marketing activities in progress Sales  forecasts  Implementations in progress

MA shall  appoint  one of its employees to be responsible for such reporting and  make  the name of such employee available to Company. Marketing Plan. MA shall  submit  an  annual  marketing plan to Company  outlining  , among other things, activities and staffing  directed  at  attaining  mutually  agreed  upon  annual  sales quotas. The Annual Quota is  defined  in Schedule A of this Agreement. The  annual  marketing plan shall be  devised  solely by MA and MA shall not be  required  to  follow  an operating plan, standard procedure,  training  manual, or its substantial equivalent,  published  by Company. Business Practices. Company shall not  specify  the business practices of MA, nor  regulate  the manner in which MA shall  operate  its business,  provided  that MA (a)  conducts  business in a manner that  reflects  favorably at all times on the Technology  sold  and the good name, goodwill and reputation of Company and its affiliates; (b)  avoid  deceptive, misleading or unethical practices that are or might be detrimental to Company and/or its Affiliates, the Technology or the public,  including  but not  limited  to disparagement of Company or the Technology; (c)  make  no false or misleading representation with respect to Company or the Technology; and (d)  make  no representations with respect to Company or the Technology that are inconsistent with any applicable license agreement(s) for the Technology  provided  by Company, promotional materials and other literature  distributed  by Company  pertaining  specifically to the Technology,  including  all liability limitations and disclaimers  contained  in such materials. Support and Service Centers. MA may be  required  to  establish  and  maintain  Support Services in the Territory set forth in Schedule A to  provide  marketing, sales and service support of the Technology  licensed  from Company. 4

Source: CYBERGY HOLDINGS, INC., 10-Q,  5/20/2014 





4. 4.1

4.2

(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

(e)

4.3

4.4

4.5

5. Duties of Company. Commitment. So long as MA is not in default hereunder, Company  agrees  to  provide  Technology to MA in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Deliverables. Upon the request of MA, Company shall at prices or fees then in effect or mutually  agreed  upon by the parties:

 Provide  Technology to MA at the  discounted  prices  shown  in Schedule A, subject to Company's right to  change  its prices or fees pursuant to paragraph 13 of this Agreement.  Make  available a reasonable marketing information, demonstrations and other sales/marketing aids available from Company  relating  to the Technology to MA  shown  in Schedule A.  Make  available marketing training and support to MA  relating  to the Technology in Schedule A.  Make  available technical training and support to MA  relating  to the Technology in Schedule A.  Make  available updates of the Technology to MA as they may  become  available for distribution. No Control. Company shall not  require  that MA be  limited  as to the type, quantity or quality of any product or service that MA  sells  or desires to  sell  . No Resale Limitations. Unless otherwise  stated  in this Agreement, Company shall not  require  that MA be  limited  to the persons or accounts to which it may  market  ,  distribute  or  sublicense  any product or service that MA  sells  or desires to  sell  ,  including  without limitation, the Technology, within the Territory as  defined  in Schedule A of this Agreement. No Procedures. Company shall not  require  procedures for which MA may  deal  with Clients however will  require  reasonable levels of satisfaction from the clients  related  to the services  provided  by the MA. Annual Quota. The Annual Quota for MA shall be  defined  in Schedule A of this Agreement. Company  reserves  the right to  adjust  or  modify  the Annual Quota upon renewal of this Agreement or from time to time by mutual agreement of the parties. 5

Source: CYBERGY HOLDINGS, INC., 10-Q,  5/20/2014 





6. 7. 7.1

7.2

7.3

7.4

7.5

7.6

8. 8.1

8.2

Territory. The Territory for MA shall be  defined  in Schedule A of this Agreement. Company  reserves  the right to  adjust  or  modify  the Territory upon renewal of this Agreement or from time to time by mutual agreement of the parties. Payment and Deliveries. Payment Terms. When fees are not  collected  directly from the corporate user, MA  agrees  to  pay  Company, in the manner and at the time  specified  below, the fee(s) on Company's  current  price list in effect at the time an order is  received  by Company as set forth in Schedule A. Currency. All monies due Company shall be  remitted  in United States dollars. Amounts due to Company are to be  calculated   based  upon the information  contained  in Schedule A of this agreement.  Required  Documents. MA shall  make  payment for all Technology  according  to the terms in Schedule A of this Agreement, and  provide  upon resale of any part of the Technology, two (2)  signed  copies of the Company License Agreement/Client Registration Card between Company and Client. Payment for Services, Training and Support. Services, training and support, when applicable and  provided  by Company, shall be  paid  for by MA  according  to  agreed  upon terms, and a  monthly  billing report will be  created  for MA by Company to  show  utilization of time and charges. A LATE PAYMENT CHARGE of one and one-half percent (1 ½%) or the maximum rate  permitted  by applicable law, whichever is less, of the outstanding balance due to Company per  month  will be  imposed  on all overdue accounts. Shipment and Delivery. Any materials shall be  shipped  FOB Company's place of business as set forth in Schedule A, and MA shall be responsible for any excise, sales and other taxes which may be  levied  on the license and shipment of such materials. Delays. In the event of any cause beyond the control of Company, Company shall not be liable for any delay in shipment or non-delivery of the Technology  covered  under this Agreement beyond any amounts  received  with an order. Modifications and Version Upgrades. Company shall  supply  MA access to all major  published  modifications or upgrades to the Technology, which  add  enhancements to or  correct   known  errors in the Technology. Company shall  provide  Technology access to MA for each  licensed  customer so long as MA is not in default with any terms of this Agreement. 6

Source: CYBERGY HOLDINGS, INC., 10-Q,  5/20/2014 





8.3

8.4

9. 10. MA shall  notify  Company in writing of any errors  found  by it in the Technology within thirty (30) days of such discovery. Company will  undertake  all reasonable efforts to  provide  technical assistance to MA under this Agreement when MA is unable to  resolve  certain technical issues and to  rectify  or  provide  solutions to problems where the Technology  does  not  function  as  described  in the Technology documentation, but Company  does  not  guarantee  that the problems will be  solved  or that any item will be error-free. This product support commitment is only applicable to Company's Technology  running  under the  certified  environments  specified  in the release notes of the end user licensing agreement for that Technology or Package. Company may from time to time, however, discontinue Technology or versions and  stop   supporting  Technology or versions  one year  after discontinuance, or otherwise  discontinue  any support service. Company is not liable for incidental, special or consequential damages for any reason ( including  loss of data or other business or property damage), even if foreseeable or if MA or Customer has  advised  of such a claim. Company's liability shall not  exceed  the fees that MA has  paid  under this Agreement. MA  agrees  that the pricing for the services would be substantially higher but for these limitations. Trademarks and Service Marks. Any tradenames, trademarks or service marks, which Company may  obtain  with regard to the Technology, are the sole property of Company and/or its Affiliates. Company hereby  grants  MA, during the  term  of this Agreement, the right to  use  Company and/or Company trade names, trademarks or service marks on Technology or in advertising or promotion  relating  directly to these products. Any use of such tradenames, trademarks or service marks must  reference  that these tradenames, trademarks or service marks are proprietary to Company and/or its Affiliates. Title to the Technology. MA  acknowledges  that MA and its Clients  receive  no title to the Technology  contained  on the Technology. Title to the Technology and all copyrights in Technology shall  remain  with Company and/or its Affiliates. Company  agrees  to  defend  or, at its option,  settle  any claim or action against MA to the extent  arising  from a third party claim that a  permitted  use of the Technology by the end users  infringes  any U.S. patent or copyright,  provided  Company has control of such defense or settlement negotiations and MA  gives  Company prompt notice of any such claim and  provides  reasonable assistance in its defense.
