
Exhibit 10.5

Reseller Agreement

This Agreement is  made  and  entered  into by and between 695014 B.C. Ltd. dba Galaxy Telecom,  having  a principal office at 200 - 375 Water Street, Vancouver, British Columbia V6B 5C6 Canada ("Galaxy") and Galaxy Telnet SRL,  having  a principal office at Aleea Malinului, Nr. 11, Bl. D, Scara C, Apt. 43, Constanta, Judetul Constanta, Romania ("Telnet") as of the 1s t  day  of  June ,  2004 . WHEREAS: Galaxy is a wholesale provider of Voice over Internet Protocol ("VoIP") telephony and related services and products. Telnet is a provider of VoIP telephony and related services and products to Subscribers, as  defined  hereafter. Galaxy  wishes  to  provide  to Telnet and Telnet  wishes  to  acquire  from Galaxy VOIP related services and products from time to time for the purpose of  providing  them to Telnet's existing and future clients. NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby  acknowledged  by the Parties, the Parties covenant and  agree  with each other as  follows  : 1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 1.1 Definitions In this agreement unless the context otherwise  requires  : "Agreement" means this agreement; "Confidential Information" means all information which one of the Parties will have access to or come into possession of which is confidential and proprietary to the other Party and which is either declared to be confidential or which the receiving Party should know, acting reasonably, is confidential or proprietary in nature and includes, but is not limited to, the terms and pricing for the Products and Services, all information contained on or accessible through the Partner Portal, as defined hereafter, any information disclosed by any third party which the third party is obligated to treat as confidential or proprietary to one of the Parties hereto, trade secrets, know-how, processes, standards, product specifications, marketing plans and techniques, cost and financial pricing figures, all client or customer information (including without limitation their names, financial information, address or telephone number), all systems software applications, all software/systems source and object code, data, documentation, program files, flow charts, and all operational procedures. "Effective  Date  " means the date first written above; "Force Majeure" shall include but not be limited to an Act of God, strike, lockout, labour dispute, act of a public enemy, war whether declared or undeclared, blockade, revolution, riot, insurrection, civil commotion, lightning, fire storms, flood, or other natural calamities, explosion, governmental restraint or restrictions, laws, regulations, orders, proclamations of any governmental entities, judgement or orders of any court of law, embargoes, unavailability of equipment and any other cause (other than a shortage or unavailability of funds) which is not reasonably within the control of the Party whose performance under this Agreement is affected by the cause; "Partner Portal" means Galaxy's web-based VoIP subscriber, management and business administration system; "Party" means either Galaxy or Telnet as is appropriate in context and "Parties" means both or either of Galaxy and Telnet as is appropriate in context; "Product" means one of and "Products" means some or all of the VoIP related devices offered for sale by Galaxy; "Service" means one of and "Services" means some or all of the VoIP services as listed in Schedule "A" attached hereto; "Subscriber" means a client of Telnet who is a consumer of the Products or Services as provided by Galaxy and sold by Telnet. 1.2 Currency All references to currency, unless otherwise  specified  , are to lawful money of the United States. 1.3 Headings The division of this Agreement into articles, sections, and/or subsections and the provision of headings for all or any of them are for convenience of reference only and shall not  affect  the interpretation of this Agreement. 1.4 Schedules The  following  schedules are  attached  to and  form  part of this Agreement: Schedule "A" Services and Products and Pricing Schedule "B" Tier 1 Subscriber Support





Schedule "C" Subscriber Contract  Clauses  Whenever any provision of any schedule to this Agreement conflicts with any provision in the body of this Agreement, the provision in the body of this Agreement shall  prevail  . References herein to a schedule shall mean a schedule of this Agreement. Reference in any schedule of this Agreement to an agreement shall mean this Agreement. 1.5 Usage In this Agreement, unless there is something in the subject matter or context inconsistent therewith: words  importing  the singular shall  include  the plural and vice versa; and words  importing  gender shall  include  masculine, feminine and neuter genders. 1.6 Governing Law This Agreement shall be  governed  by and  construed  in accordance with the laws of the Province of British Columbia and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein,  excluding  its conflict-of-laws rules. The parties expressly  disclaim  the application of the United Nations' Uniform Convention for the Sale of Goods convention, to this Agreement. 2. RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES 2.1 Non-Exclusive Reseller Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Galaxy hereby  appoints  Telnet as a non-exclusive authorized reseller of the Products and Services and Telnet hereby  accepts  the appointment. 2.2 Not a Partnership This Agreement  does  not and shall not be  construed  to  create  a partnership, joint venture, agency or any other business relationship which would  authorize  either Party to  act  on behalf of the other or to have any authority to  create  any liability or obligations on behalf of or in the name of the other. Each of the Parties is and will  remain  completely independent of the other. Telnet may  indicate  to the public that it is an authorized seller of Galaxy Services and it may  advertise  Products and Services under Galaxy trademarks, logos, and symbols as  provided  for in this Agreement, but under no circumstances shall it  represent  itself to be an associate, franchisee, representative, servant or agent of Galaxy. 3. TELNET OBLIGATIONS 3.1 Marketing and Sales Telnet shall be responsible for  promoting  , marketing and  selling  those Products and Services it  offers  for sale or distribution and it shall  use  its reasonable best efforts to  do  so; Telnet may  market  and  sell  the Services as being Telnet services or as Galaxy services being  provided  by Telnet. 3.2 Business Expenses Telnet shall be responsible for all expenses it  incurs  from its business activities  associated  with the marketing, promotion, sale and support of the Products and Services,  including  , but not  limited  to, those expenses  related  to the installation and activation of Products and Services. 3.3 Pricing Structure & Levels Telnet shall, in its sole discretion, set the prices it  charges  for the Products and Services it  sells  or distributes and the manner, if any, in which it  bundles  or  combines  them. 3.4 Qualified Sales and Marketing Representatives Telnet  covenants  that all of its employees, agents and representatives who  promote  , market and  sell  the Products and Services will be fully  qualified  in and knowledgeable of the Products and Services. 3.5 Terms of Service Telnet shall  include  those terms set out in Schedule "C" as a  term  in each Subscriber agreement for Services. 3.6 Subscriber Support Telnet shall  maintain  a first line of response,  known  within the telephony industry as a "Tier 1 Subscriber help-desk and support function", as further  defined  in Schedule "B", as is  required  to  maintain  Subscriber satisfaction at or above industry standards. 3.7 Government Authorizations Telnet shall  obtain  and  maintain  in good standing all licenses, permits and other governmental approvals and authorizations  required  in connection with implementation of this Agreement and the sale of Products and Services,  including  without limitation, business licenses, import licenses and foreign exchange permits. Telnet shall  keep  Galaxy  apprised  of any change in the status of the licenses, permits and approvals and authorizations as are  referred  to in subsection 3.7(a) which may materially  affect  the implementation of this Agreement. 3.8 Notification of Infringement Telnet shall  notify  Galaxy immediately of any actual,  suspected  or  alleged  infringement of Galaxy trademarks, or copyrights that it





 becomes  aware of. 4. TELNET RECORDS 4.1 Maintain Records Telnet shall  maintain  complete and, to the best of its ability, accurate records on the Partner Portal (the "Records") of all Subscribers,  including  : (a) Name, location, contact information and date of activation; (b) Products  purchased  ,  including  model and serial number and date of activation; (c) Services  subscribed  ;  including  date of activation; and All service calls  relating  to Products or Services,  showing  Subscriber information, date and nature of call, Telnet response, service work  performed  and such other information as Galaxy may reasonably  request  . 4.2 Ownership and Privacy of Records Galaxy shall  own  the Records, but it shall  use  the information  contained  therein only as  allowed  by the terms and conditions and intent of this Agreement. Galaxy shall  treat  the Records as Confidential Information and it shall not  provide  to or  allow  access by any third party except as  required  or  allowed  by this Agreement. 4.3 911 Call Response Service Galaxy shall have the right to  disclose  Records to any third party  providing  emergency call response service to Subscribers as are  required  by such third party in order to  provide  the service. 5. GALAXY RESPONSIBILITIES Services and Products Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Galaxy shall  provide  the Products and Services to Telnet. 5.2 Network Galaxy shall  establish  a Telnet account within the Partner Portal and, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, it shall  provide  Telnet with access thereto. 5.3 Materials Galaxy shall  provide  Telnet with access to electronic copies of sales and technical materials, user manuals, installation manuals and brochures and catalogues  relating  to the Products and Services which Galaxy has electronic versions of and which it, in its absolute discretion, is of the opinion are relevant. 5.4 Supporting Information Galaxy shall  make  available to Telnet such technical and commercial information which Galaxy has or which  comes  into Galaxy's possession and which, in Galaxy's opinion, may be of assistance to Telnet in  selling  and  supporting  the Products and Services. 5.5 Tier 2 Support  Galaxy shall  provide  "Tier 2" technical support to Telnet which would  include  assistance with any technical issues  related  to the Services and Products that could not be  resolved  by Telnet's Tier 1 Subscriber support personnel. 6. PRODUCTS 6.1 Approved Products Galaxy shall, at its sole discretion,  determine  the technical specifications and the brand and model of those devices which it will  support  in  providing  the Services and  chooses  to  offer  as Products; Telnet shall  purchase  from Galaxy all devices or Products  used  or to be  used  by it to  enable  the provisioning of the Services pursuant to this Agreement and Galaxy shall be  required  to  support  only those devices actually  purchased  from Galaxy by Telnet; Notwithstanding section 6.1(b), Telnet may  request  from Galaxy that it  enable  and  support  devices other than Products  acquired  by Telnet from Galaxy, and Galaxy shall not unreasonably  refuse  such request; and Galaxy shall have the right, at its sole discretion, to  change  the Products by  discontinuing  or  adding  new devices to the Products  offered  and by  changing  manufacturers, brands, models or technical or software specifications of any of them. 6.2 Pricing Prices for Products shall be as  quoted  at the time of order by Telnet and are subject to change at any time; Prices  quoted  shall be for the Products only and shall not  include  applicable taxes and shipping, insurance, expedition, import/export, brokerage and other fees, which shall be in addition to the  quoted  Product prices. 6.3 Ordering All Telnet orders of Products are subject to acceptance by Galaxy (upon acceptance, the "Order"). Galaxy shall have the right to not  accept  an order of Products from Telnet, in whole or in part, if Telnet is in breach of any  term  or condition of this Agreement;





Unless specifically  agreed  otherwise and  stated  in writing, the terms of this Agreement shall  supersede  the terms of any Order; 6.4 Payment Telnet shall  pay  (the "Product Payment" ) for an Order,  using  a payment method acceptable to Galaxy, prior to shipment of the Order by Galaxy; If Telnet  falls  into arrears on its account for Services, Galaxy shall have the right to  apply  any Product Payment, in whole or in part, to Telnet's account for Services and any Product Payment so  transferred  shall be  deemed  to be a payment for Services, not Products, and Galaxy shall have no further obligation to  deliver  the Products which such funds were originally payment for. 6.5 Delivery Galaxy shall, subject to availability,  use  all reasonable effort to  deliver  the Order within a reasonable time from the date of the Order; Galaxy shall have the right to  suspend  or  stop  delivery of an Order, in whole or in part, if Telnet is in breach of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and, if Galaxy  elects  to  stop  delivery pursuant to this section, it shall  deem  such Order to be an inventory return subject to section 6.7. 6.6 Order Substitution Subject to  obtaining  Telnet's approval for any price changes, Galaxy shall have the right to  deliver  a different Product of equal or greater technical capability in place of the Order. 6.7 Inventory Returns Galaxy may, at its sole discretion,  accept  the return, in whole or in part, of an Order and, if it  elects  to  do  so, Telnet shall  pay  a restocking fee of 25% of the original purchase price of the  returned  Product or Products. 6.8 Warranty Unless specifically  stated  otherwise, Galaxy  makes  no warranty or  guarantee  , express or  implied  ,  including  any implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, with regard to the Products. All warranties with regard to the Products shall be those of the original equipment manufacturer only. 7. SERVICES 7.1 Available Services  Listed  in Schedule "A" is a list of the Services which are available to Telnet as of the Effective  Date  . 7.2 Change to Services Galaxy  reserves  the right to, at its sole discretion, to  add  ,  delete  or  change  any of the Services from time to time. 7.3 Provision of Service Upon Telnet's activation of a Subscriber account, Galaxy shall,  subject  to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,  provide  the  requested  Services to Subscriber on behalf of Telnet; Subject to section 13.2, if Telnet is in breach of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Galaxy shall have the right to  suspend  or  terminate  delivery of the Services, in whole or in part, to Telnet and the Subscribers. 7.4 Communication of Termination Galaxy may, at its sole and absolute discretion,  provide  long distance termination through one or more termination partners. Galaxy shall have the right, at its sole discretion, to  reroute  the communication traffic  originating  from Telnet or Subscribers between Galaxy's different termination partners. 7.5 411 and 911 Service Galaxy shall  arrange  with third parties for the provision of: 411 directory assistance service; and 911 emergency call response service, which services will be  provided  through Galaxy as part of the Services.
