
STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT    This STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is  entered  into as of  March 18, 2010  (the "Effective  Date  "), between AURA  SYSTEMS INC., a Delaware Corporation ("Aura") and ZANOTTI EAST INC., a Massachusetts Corporation ("Zanotti"). WHEREAS, Aura has  invented  , manufactures and  distributes  a unique,  integrated  electromagnetic mobile power generation system capable of   delivering  on-demand both AC and DC power for numerous end-uses,  including  without limitation, all-electric transport refrigeration (the  "AuraGen");     WHEREAS, the AuraGen is the subject of substantial proprietary information,  including  but not  limited  to patents, trademarks, trade secrets,  know-how, and confidential information  owned  by Aura;    WHEREAS, Zanotti is a world-wide leading manufacturer and distributor of transport refrigeration systems and is desirous of  expanding  its market  share within the United States, and    WHEREAS, Zanotti and Aura are desirous of  incorporating  the AuraGen power system with various Zanotti transport refrigeration systems to be   sold  by Aura to end-users in the United States as an  integrated  all-electric transport refrigeration solution;    NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of their mutual covenants and obligations  contained  herein, and the mutual benefits to be  derived  herefrom,  Aura and Zanotti (collectively the "Parties"),  intending  to be legally  bound  ,  do  hereby  covenant  and  agree  as  follows  :    Article 1:  Definitions    1.1 The  term  "AETRU System" means an integrated all-electric vehicle refrigeration system comprising of Product as the refrigeration mechanism  and the AuraGen as the power-supply. 1.2 The  term  "Confidential Information" means all know-how, formulations, recipes, specifications, catalogs, books, price books, maintenance,  parts and service manuals, data sheets, sales, service and technical bulletins, customer lists, sales and marketing programs, price lists, cost data,  sales aids, such as filmstrips and recordings, and all other publications and information, whether or not reduced to writing, relating to the  formulation, manufacture, use, marketing and sale of the AuraGen and/or the Products, as well as any other information which may be divulged by  one party under this Agreement to the other in the course of its performance of this Agreement, which is marked as Confidential or which is  disclosed under circumstances that reasonably place the recipient on notice of the confidentiality of the information. Confidential Information  does   not, however,  include  any information which the recipient can  establish  (i) was publicly  known  and  made  generally available in the public domain  prior to the time of disclosure by the discloser; (ii)  becomes  publicly  known  and  made  generally available after disclosure by the discloser to  recipient through no fault or breach of recipient; (iii) is already in the possession of recipient without restriction on use or disclosure at the time of  disclosure by discloser as  shown  by recipient's files and records prior to the time of the





  disclosure; (iv) is  obtained  by recipient lawfully and without restriction on use or disclosure from a third party without a breach of such third  party's obligations of confidentiality; or (v) is independently  developed  by recipient without use of or reference to discloser's Confidential  Information, as  shown  by recipient's files and records. 1.3 The  term  "Field of Use" means exclusively transport refrigeration systems for vehicles and trailers. 1.4 The  term  "Products"  means collectively those transport refrigeration systems listed in Exhibit A attached hereto, as well as any future  modifications, enhancements or improvements thereto. 1.5 The  term  "Proprietary Rights"  means all Technology, Trademarks, data, inventions, information (including, without limitation, Confidential  Information), processes, know-how, trade secrets, sketches, prototypes, notebooks, papers, drawings, formulae (including copies or extracts  thereof) and similar intellectual property rights which the respective parties have or may hereafter develop and which are necessary or useful for  the development, manufacture, or sale of the AuraGen, the Products, or any components of the Products and/or AuraGen. Further, Proprietary  Rights shall  include  all analyses, specifications, proposals, reports or other information, data or documents (whether in raw, preliminary or final  form) and all inventions, discoveries, modifications and improvements, whether or not patentable, which: (a) are  concerned  in some manner with,  but not  directed  to the AuraGen, the Products or any components thereof; or (b) pertain to processes, procedures, methods, and the like  manufacturing,  assembling  or servicing of the AuraGen or Products. 1.6 The  term  "Technology" means all patent rights concerning each and every patent, whether U.S. or foreign, owned by or licensed to Company  and any associated Aura Proprietary Rights appurtenant thereto which are necessary, used or useful to develop, manufacture, or sell the Products  or any of the components of the Products. Aura Technology shall further mean any future modifications, enhancements or improvements to the  technology embodied in the patents owned or licensed by Company, the Products, or the Aura Proprietary Rights. 1.7 The  term  "Territory" means exclusively the United States of America and Canada. 1.8 The  term  "Trademarks" means all those trademarks, service marks, designs, logos, slogans and trade names belonging or licensed to Aura  and/or Zanotti, worldwide. Article 2  Grant of Rights    2.1 Appointment. Pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, Aura  appoints  Zanotti as its exclusive supplier of the Products  within the Territory and Field of Use and Zanotti hereby  accepts  such appointment. In order to  maintain  the exclusivity  granted  hereunder, Zanotti  shall  provide  Aura with orders for a minimum of (i) one thousand (1,000) AETRU Systems during the first twenty-four (24)  months  of this  Agreement and (ii) seven hundred and fifty (750) AETRU Systems per  year  thereafter for so long as this Agreement  remains  in effect (the  "Minimum Order"). In the event that Zanotti  fails  to  secure  purchases









   amounting  to the Minimum Order for any particular period, the exclusive supplier rights  granted  pursuant to this Article 2 shall  become  non- exclusive commencing immediately  following  such period in which the Minimum Order was not  achieved  and Aura shall have full discretion to  purchase or otherwise  obtain  Product from sources other than Zanotti. Aura shall  serve  as seller for all orders for AETRU Systems (whether such  orders are  provided  by Zanotti or otherwise) and shall directly  invoice  all buyers and  collect  the purchase price for all AETRU Systems  sold  . Article 3  Terms and Conditions    3.1 Ordering of Products. Within thirty (30)  days  from the Effective  Date  hereof, Zanotti shall  deliver  to Aura a minimum total of twelve (12)  Products to be  delivered  to Aura's facilities McDonough, Georgia, of such type as mutually  agreed  by the Parties (the "Initial Order"). All  purchases and delivery of Products shall be  made  pursuant to  separate  individual purchase orders  issued  by Aura to Zanotti consistent with the  terms of this Agreement. If any  term  of a purchase order is inconsistent with this Agreement, then this Agreement shall  govern  to the extent of any  such inconsistency. Except with respect to the Initial Order, Aura shall  place  all purchase orders for Products at least forty-five (45)  days  prior to  the  requested  delivery date. 3.2 Warehousing. Zanotti hereby  agrees  that Aura may, at any  given  time,  store  up to two (2) AuraGen systems in such Zanotti facilities as Aura  may  designate  from time to time. Zanotti shall not  charge  Aura any fee or cost in connection with such warehousing. Zanotti shall not  acquire  any  interest in or right to any property  warehoused  pursuant to this Section 3.2 by virtue of such warehousing and such property shall  remain  the sole  and exclusive property of Aura (or its respective owner) at all times. It is expressly  understood  and  agreed  by the Parties that Zanotti shall  incur  no  liability for any property  stored  in its facilities pursuant to this Section 3.2 ( including  without limitation risk of loss, theft or damage) and that all  risk of loss and/or damage with respect to any such  warehoused  property shall  belong  solely to Aura. Aura shall have full access to all AuraGen  systems and/or other Aura equipment  warehoused  in any Zanotti facilities during normal business hours and at all other reasonable times. 3.3 Pricing. Throughout the first consecutive twelve (12)  months  of this Agreement, all Products shall be  sold  to Aura by Zanotti at those prices as   listed  in Exhibit B,  attached  hereto. Prior to each twelfth  month  anniversary of the Effective  Date  of this Agreement, the Parties shall jointly   reevaluate  the Product price list and shall mutually  agree  as to prices for the upcoming  twelve- . In accordance with Section 3.6 below,  at no time shall any Product price  month  period exceed  the lowest price for which Zanotti  sells  such Product (or substantial equivalent thereof) in similar  quantities to any third party. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary  contained  in any applicable provision herein, Zanotti shall be  permitted  to   adjust  the price of the Products prior to each twelfth  month  anniversary of the Effective  Date  to  reflect  any actual fluctuation in the Consumer Price  Index (CPI) during the prior  twelve- . In the event that the final price of any Product to be  month  period sold  to Aura by Zanotti pursuant to this  Agreement upto, equal or  exceeds  150% of the final price of any substantially-similar third part produc, Aura shall  notify  Zanotti of this lower price  and  provide  Zanotti with the opportunity to  match  such price with respect to such Product. If, within five (5) business  days  of receipt of such  notice from Aura, Zanotti  does  not  agree  to  match  such price, the exclusive supplier rights  granted  pursuant to









  Article 2 above shall, upon Aura's sole election, immediately  become  non-exclusive with respect to such specific Product to which the lower price  applies and Aura shall have full discretion to  purchase  or otherwise  obtain  such Product from sources other than Zanotti. 3.4 Payment. Aura shall  remit  payment to Zanotti for the invoiced price of any  given  Product within the earlier of: (i) fifteen (15) business  days    following  Aura's receipt and acceptance of payment from its customer for such AETRU System into which such Product is  incorporated  ; or (ii)  forty-five (45) calendar  days  from the date of Aura's shipment to a customer of such AETRU System into which such Product is  incorporated  . Aura shall have no obligation to  remit  payment for any Product before fifteen (15)  days   following  sale to a third-party of such Product nor shall  Aura have any obligation to  remit  payment for any Product not  sold  by Aura. 3.5 Shipment, Delivery and Risk of Loss. Unless otherwise specifically  agreed  by the Parties, all Products  delivered  to Aura from Zanotti pursuant  to this Agreement shall be F.C.A., Aura's  designated  facility. From time to time, the parties may  enter  into other shipping arrangements. However,  no shipping arrangements shall  affect  or  alter  in any way the provisions of this Section with respect to transfer of title, responsibility of safe  carriage and risk of loss. 3.6 Most Favored Nation. During the  term  of this Agreement, Zanotti  agrees  that Aura shall be  allowed  the full benefit of any and all lower prices  and/or any more favorable terms and/or conditions ("MFN" Terms)  contained  in any other agreement  entered  into by Zanotti for the sale of any  product substantially similar to the Product in the same or lesser quantities  described  in this Agreement to third parties. Zanotti shall  notify  Aura  in writing of any such MFN Terms within fifteen (15) calendar  days  after  agreeing  thereto, and shall  make  the MFN Terms available to Aura as of  the effective date of such agreement and thereafter for the greater of (i) three (3)  months  or (ii) such time that the MFN Terms  remain  in effect. 3.7 End-User Warranty. At all times during the  Term  of this Agreement, Zanotti shall  warrant  the Products to purchasers of AETRU Systems in  accordance with the terms of its standard warranty  attached  hereto as Exhibit "C"  ("End User Warranty"), as such End User Warranty may be   modified  from time to time by Zanotti,  provided  however that at no time shall such End User Warranty  provide  for a warranty coverage period of  less than thirty-six (36)  months  from the time of purchase by the initial end-user. A copy of the End User Warranty shall be  included  as part of the  packaging  included  with all Product  delivered  to Aura and Aura shall  distribute  each Product with all warranty cards, a copy of the End User  Warranty and all other



  (a) Deliveries may be  made  in partial shipments. With respect to all deliveries (partial or otherwise) Zanotti shall  invoice  each Product  separately. (b) Title and risk of loss shall  pass  to Aura at the time the Products are  tendered  by Zanotti to the initial carrier and Aura alone shall be  responsible for all freight, customs duties, insurance or other shipping costs. (c) In the absence of specific instructions from Aura, Zanotti shall  select  a reasonable carrier but shall not thereby  assume  any liability in  connection with shipment, nor shall the carrier be  construed  to be the agent of Zanotti. packaging materials intact. Additionally, Zanotti shall  offer  to  end  -users the option to  purchase  extended warranty coverage for an additional  twenty-four (24)  months  -  making  the total warranty period sixty (60)  months  . Article 4  Additional Obligations    4.1 Compliance with Law. Each party shall at all times  comply  with the provisions of all applicable laws and the rules and regulations thereunder,  and  refrain  from  engaging  in any illegal, unfair or deceptive trade practices or unethical business practices whatsoever with respect to the  promotion and sale or service of Products. 4.2 Recalls. Zanotti shall  maintain  records of all Products  sold  by Zanotti and shall immediately  alert  Aura in the event that Zanotti  becomes  aware  of any defect in or hazard  posed  by any Product. If Aura, any governmental agency or other proper authority issues a product recall or product  advisory of any of the Products, Zanotti  agrees  to  cooperate  with Aura (i) in  contacting  purchasers during the course of any such product  advisories,  recalls  and complaints, (ii) in  communicating  to such purchasers such information or instructions as Aura may reasonably  desire  be   transmitted  to such purchasers, (iii) in  obtaining  the removal of all such recalled Products from customers and (iv) in  disposing  of such recalled  Product as Aura so  directs  . Aura  agrees  to  reimburse  Zanotti for all costs and expenses  incurred  by Zanotti in connection with such Product  advisories,  recalls  and complaints, unless such advisory, recall or complaint is due to the fault or negligence of Zanotti, its representatives or  affiliates. 4.3 Press Releases. In the event any party desires to  issue  any press release or public announcement  concerning  any provisions of this Agreement  or the transactions  contemplated  hereby, such party shall so  advise  the other party hereto, and the parties shall thereafter  use  commercially  reasonable efforts to  cause  a mutually agreeable release or announcement to be  issued  . Neither party will publicly  disclose  or  divulge  any  provisions of this Agreement or the transactions  contemplated  hereby without the other party's  written  consent, except as way be  required  by  applicable law,  including  applicable securities laws or stock exchange regulations, and except for communications to such party's employees and  professional advisors. 4.4 Joint Training. Zanotti and Aura shall jointly  schedule  periodic training sessions at mutually  agreed  reasonable intervals with respect to  installation and maintenance of the AETRU Systems, which Aura and Zanotti shall  make  available to AETRU System dealers and service  providers.
