
Exhibit 1.1

                                1,265,000 Shares                    (subject to  increase  up to 1,454,750 shares                       in the event of an oversubscription)

                              AFSALA BANCORP, INC. (a Delaware corporation)

                                  COMMON STOCK                            ($0.10 Par Value Per Share)

                      Subscription Price: $10.00 Per Share

                                 AGENCY  AGREEMENT

                                                            ____________,  1996 

Capital Resources, Inc.  1701  K Street, N.W. Suite 700 Washington, D.C. 20006

Ladies and Gentlemen:

                  AFSALA  Bancorp,  Inc. (the  "Company") and Amsterdam  Federal Savings and Loan  Association,  a federally  chartered  mutual  savings and loan association  ("Association"),  with its deposit  accounts  insured  by the Savings Association   Insurance  Fund  ("SAIF")   administered   by  the  Federal  Deposit Insurance  Corporation  ("FDIC"),  hereby   confirm  their  agreement with Capital Resources, Inc. ("Capital Resources") as  follows  :

                  SECTION 1. The Offering. The Association,  in accordance with and pursuant to its plan of conversion   adopted  by the Board of Directors of the Association  (the "Plan"),   intends  to be  converted   from a  federally- chartered  mutual savings and loan association to a federally- chartered   stock savings bank and will   sell  all of its   issued   and  outstanding  stock to the  Company. The Company  will   offer   and   sell  its  common  stock  (the  "Common  Stock")  in a subscription  offering  ("Subscription  Offering") to (1) tax  qualified  employee benefit plans of the Association,  (2) depositors of the Association as of  March 31, 1995  ("Eligible Account  Holders"),  (3) depositors of the Association as of  June 30, 1996   ("Supplemental  Eligible  Account  Holders"),  (4) certain  other deposit  account  holders  and  borrower  members  of  the  Association  ("Other Members") and (5) to its employees,  officers and directors,  pursuant to rights to  subscribe  for shares of Common Stock (the  "Shares"). Subject to the prior subscription rights of the above- listed   parties, the Company may  offer  for sale in a public offering (the "Public  Offering," and when  referred  to together with the Subscription  Offering,  the "Subscription and Public Offerings")   conducted  after the Subscription  Offering, the Shares not so subscribed for or  ordered  in the  Subscription  Offering  to the  general  public  (all such  offerees  being  referred  to in the aggregate as "Eligible Offerees"). Shares may also be  sold  in the Public Offering by a selling group of  broker-dealers   organized  and  managed  by Capital  Resources. It is   acknowledged   that the  purchase of Shares in the Subscription  and Public  Offerings  is subject to maximum and minimum  purchase limitations as  described  in the Plan and that the Company may  reject  in whole or in part any subscriptions  received  from subscribers in the Public Offering. The  Company  and the  Association  desire to  retain  Capital Resources to  assist  the Company with its sale of the Shares in the  Subscription and Public  Offerings. By and  through  this  Agreement,  the  Company  and the Association  confirm  the retention of Capital Resources to  assist  the Company and the Association during the Subscription and Public Offerings. The  Company  has   filed   with  the  Securities  and  Exchange Commission  (the  "Commission")  a registration  statement on Form S-l (File No. 333-6399)   containing  an offering  prospectus   relating  to the  Subscription and Public  Offerings for the registration of the Shares under the Securities Act of  1933 , as  amended  (the " 1933  Act"),  and has  filed  such  amendments  thereto,  if any, and such  amended   prospectuses as may have been  required  to the date hereof (the  "Registration  Statement"). The prospectus,  as  amended  ,   included  in the Registration   Statement  at  the  time  it  initially   becomes   effective,   is hereinafter  called  the "Offering  Prospectus",  except that if any prospectus is  filed  by the Company pursuant to Rule 424(b) or (c) of the rules and regulations of the Commission under the  1933  Act (the " 1933  Act Regulations")  differing  from the offering  prospectus   included  in the Registration  Statement at the time it initially  becomes  effective,  the  term  " Offering   Prospectus" shall  refer  to the offering prospectus  filed  pursuant to Rule 424(b) or (c) from and after the time  said   offering  prospectus is  filed  with or  mailed  to the Commission for filing. In accordance  with Title 12, Part 563b of the Code of Federal Regulations (the "Conversion  Regulations"),  the Association has  filed  with the Office  of Thrift  Supervision  (the  "OTS")  an  Application  for  Approval  of Conversion  on Form AC (the  "Conversion  Application")   including   the Offering





Prospectus  and has  filed   such  amendments  thereto,  if any,  as may have been  required  by the OTS. The  Conversion  Application  has been  approved  by the OTS. The Company has  filed  with the OTS its application on Form H-(e)lS (the "Holding Company  Application")  to  acquire  the  Association  under the Home Owners' Loan Act, as  amended  (12 U.S.C. ss. 1467a) ("HOLA"). SECTION 2. Retention of Capital Resources;  Compensation; Sale and  Delivery  of the  Shares. Subject to the terms and  conditions  herein set forth, the Company and the Association hereby  appoint  Capital Resources as their agent to  advise  and  assist  the Company and the  Association  with the  Company's sale of the Shares in the Subscription and Public Offerings. On  the  basis  of  the   representations,   warranties,   and agreements herein  contained  ,  but subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, Capital Resources  accepts  such appointment and  agrees  to  consult  with and  advise  the Company and the Association as to matters   relating  to the Conversion and the Subscription and Public Offerings. It is  acknowledged  by the Company and the  Association  that Capital  Resources  shall not be  required  to  purchase  any Shares and shall not be  obligated  to  take  any action which is inconsistent  with any  applicable  laws,  regulations,  decisions  or orders. If  requested  by the Company or the  Association,  Capital  Resources  also may  assemble  and  manage  a selling group of broker dealers which are members of the National Association of Securities  Dealers,  Inc. (the "NASD") to   participate  in the  solicitation  of purchase  orders  for  Shares  under a  selected   dealers'  agreement  ("Selected Dealers'  Agreement"). The  obligations of Capital  Resources  pursuant to this Agreement  shall   terminate  upon the completion or termination or abandonment of the  Plan  by  the  Company  or  the  Association  or  upon  termination  of the Subscription  and  Public  Offerings,  or if the  terms  of the  Conversion  are substantially   amended   so as to  materially  and  adversely   change  the role of Capital  Resources,  but in no event later than  45 days  after the  completion of the Subscription and Public Offerings (the "End  Date  "). All fees due to Capital Resources  but unpaid will be payable to Capital  Resources in  next day  funds at the earlier of the Closing  Date  (as hereinafter  defined  ) or the End  Date  . In the event the  Subscription  and Public  Offerings are  extended  beyond the End  Date  , the Company, the

                                       -2-

Association  and Capital  Resources may mutually   agree  to  renew  this  Agreement under mutually acceptable terms. In the event  the  Company  is  unable  to  sell  a  minimum  of 935,000  Shares  within  the  period  herein   provided  ,   this  Agreement  shall  terminate  ,  and the Company shall  refund  to any persons who have   subscribed  for any of the Shares,  the full amount  which it may have   received   from them plus  accrued   interest  as set  forth  in the  Offering  Prospectus;  and none of the parties  to this  Agreement  shall  have any  obligation  to the  other  parties hereunder,  except as set forth in this  Section 2 and in  Sections  7, 9 and 10 hereof. In the event the closing   does  not  occur  ,  the  Conversion  is  terminated   or  otherwise   abandoned  ,   or  the  terms  of  the  Conversion  are substantially   amended   so as to  materially  and  adversely   change  the role of Capital  Resources,  Capital  Resources  shall be  reimbursed   for all reasonable legal fees and  out-of-pocket  expenses for   rendering   financial  advice to the Association   concerning  the structure of the Conversion,   preparing  a market and financial analysis,  performing  due diligence and assisting in the preparation of the Application for Conversion and the  Registration  Statement,  which shall be  paid  upon such termination, abandonment or amendment or within  five days  of such event. If  all  conditions  precedent  to  the  consummation  of  the Conversion,   including  ,  without limitation,  the sale of all Shares  required  by the Plan to be  sold  , are  satisfied,  the Company  agrees  to  issue  or have  issued  the Shares   sold  in the  Subscription  and Public  Offerings  and to  release  for delivery   certificates   for such  Shares  on the  Closing   Date  (as  hereinafter  defined  )  against  payment to the Company by any means  authorized  by the Plan, provided,  however, that no certificates shall be released for such shares until the  conditions  specified in Section 7 hereof shall have been  complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of Capital Resources and its counsel. The release of Shares against payment  therefor shall be  made  on a date and at a time and place acceptable to the Company, the Association and Capital Resources. The date upon which the Company shall   release  or  deliver  the Shares  sold  in the  Subscription and Public Offerings,  in accordance with the terms hereof, is herein  called  the "Closing  Date  ."

                  Capital Resources shall  receive  the  following  compensation for its services hereunder:

                  (a) (i) a  marketing  fee in the  amount  of (x)  two  percent (2.0%) of the aggregate dollar amount of all Shares  sold  in the Subscription and Public Offerings,   excluding  sales  made  through broker  assisted   purchases or by other NASD member firms   participating   in the Subscription and Public Offerings pursuant  to  the   Selected   Dealers'  Agreement,  if  any  (for  which  Capital Resources'  compensation shall be pursuant to  sub  -paragraph  (ii)) and  excluding  shares  sold  to the  Association's  Employee  Stock  Ownership  Plan,  directors, officers or employees and any member of such person's  immediate family ( defined  to  include  children, spouse, parents, grandparents and grandchildren);

                           (ii)    a management fee in the amount of one percent and one-half (1.5%) of the aggregate dollar amount of Shares  sold  through broker  assisted   purchases or through  selected  dealers, if any. (b) Capital  Resources  shall be  reimbursed  for all reasonable out-of-pocket  expenses,   including  ,  but not   limited  to,  legal fees,  travel, communications  and  postage,   incurred  by it whether or not the  Conversion  is successfully  completed  as set forth in Section 7 hereof. Capital Resources shall be   reimbursed   promptly  for all  out-of-pocket   expenses   upon  receipt by the Company or the Association of a  monthly    itemized  bill  summarizing  such expenses since the date of the last bill, if any, to the date

                                       -3-

of the  current  bill. In the event other broker-dealers are  assembled  and  managed  by Capital  Resources  under a   selling   syndicate  to   participate   in the  Public Offering  pursuant to the   Selected   Dealers'  Agreement or   participate   in the Public Offering as  assisting   brokers,  the Company and the Association  will be directly  responsible for the payment of  selected   dealers'  commissions to such  participating   firms or  assisting   brokers'   commissions  up to a maximum of four percent (4%) and four percent (4%), respectively, of the amount of stock  sold  by such firms. Capital Resources' fees are  limited  to those  stated  in subparagraph (a) above and all other  brokers  will be  paid  fees  based  upon the  capacity  in which they are  acting  in the particular stock sale. All subscription  funds  received  by Capital  Resources (and if by check  shall be  made   payable to the  Company)  or by other  NASD   registered  broker-dealers soliciting subscriptions (if any) shall be  transmitted  (either by U.S. Mail  or  similar  type  of  transmittal)  to the  Company  by noon of the  following  business  day  . SECTION  3.  Offering   Prospectus;   Subscription  and  Public Offerings. The Shares are to be initially  offered  in the Subscription and Public Offerings at the  Purchase  Price as set forth on the cover page of the Offering Prospectus. SECTION 4. Representations and Warranties. The Company and  the Association jointly and severally  represent  and  warrant  to Capital Resources as  follows  :

                  (a) The Registration  Statement was  declared   effective by the Commission  on  __________,   1996 . At  the  time  the  Registration  Statement,  including  the Offering Prospectus   contained  therein ( including  any amendment or  supplement  thereto),   became  effective,  the Registration  Statement  complied  in all material   respects   with the  requirements  of the  1933  Act and the  1933  Act Regulations and the Registration  Statement,   including  the Offering  Prospectus  contained  therein ( including  any amendment or  supplement  thereto),  any Blue Sky Application  or any Sales  Information  (as such  terms are   defined   previously herein or in Section 8 hereof)   authorized  by the Company or the Association for use in connection with the  Subscription and Public Offerings  did  not  contain  an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to  state  a material fact  required  to be  stated  therein or necessary to  make  the statements  therein,  in light of the circumstances  under which they were  made  , not  misleading,  and at the time any Rule  424(b)  or (c)  Offering  Prospectus  was   filed   with  or   mailed   to the Commission  for filing and at the  Closing   Date    referred   to in Section 2, the Registration  Statement   including   the Offering  Prospectus   contained   therein ( including  any amendment or  supplement  thereto), any Blue Sky Application or any Sales  Information (as such terms are  defined   previously herein or in Section 8 hereof)   authorized  by the Company or the Association for use in connection with the  Subscription and Public Offerings will not  contain  an untrue statement of a material  fact or omit to state a material  fact  necessary in order to  make  the statements  therein,  in the light of the  circumstances  under  which they were  made  , not misleading;  provided  , however, that the representations and warranties in this Section  4(a) shall not  apply  to  statements  in or omissions  from such Registration  Statement  or Offering  Prospectus   made  in  reliance  upon and in conformity with  written  information   furnished  to the Company or the Association by Capital  Resources  expressly   regarding   Capital Resources for use under the caption "The Conversion-Marketing Arrangements."

                  (b)      The Conversion Application,  including  the Offering Prospectus, was  approved  by the OTS on __________,  1996 . At the time of the approval of the Conversion Application,  including  

                                       -4-

the Offering  Prospectus,  by the OTS  ( including   any  amendment or  supplement thereto)  and at all times  subsequent  thereto  until  the  Closing   Date  ,  the Conversion  Application,   including  the Offering Prospectus,  will  comply  in all material   respects   with the  Conversion  Regulations  and any  other  rules and regulations  of the OTS. The  Conversion  Application,   including   the Offering Prospectus ( including  any amendment or  supplement  thereto),  does  not  include  any untrue  statement of a material fact or omit to  state  any material fact  required  to be  stated   therein or necessary to  make  the statements  therein,  in light of the circumstances under which they were  made  , not misleading;  provided  , however, that  representations  or  warranties  in this  Section  4(b) shall not  apply  to statements or omissions   made  in reliance  upon and in  conformity  with  written  information    furnished   to  the  Association  by  Capital  Resources  expressly  regarding  Capital Resources for use in the Offering Prospectus   contained  in the Conversion   Application   under  the   caption   "The   Conversion-   Marketing Arrangements."





                  (c) The  Company  has  filed  with the OTS the  Holding  Company Application  and will have   received  ,  as of the Closing   Date  ,  approval of its acquisition of the Association from the OTS.
