
Exhibit 10.31    PURSUANT TO 17 C.F.R. § 240.24B-2, CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION ( INDICATED  BY {*****})  HAS   BEEN   OMITTED  FROM THIS  DOCUMENT AND  HAS   BEEN   FILED  SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A  CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT APPLICATION  FILED  WITH THE COMMISSION     ACCURAY INCORPORATED  MULTIPLE LINAC AND MULTI-MODALITY   DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT     This Multiple LINAC and Multi-Modality Distributor Agreement ("Agreement") is  entered  into by and between ACCURAY  INCORPORATED, a Delaware corporation with its executive offices  located  at  1310  Chesapeake Terrace, Sunnyvale, California 94089, USA  ("Accuray"), and SIEMENS AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT, a corporation  formed  under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany, with its  registered   offices  located  at Berlin and Munich ("Siemens"), as of  June 8, 2010  ("Effective  Date  "). RECITALS     Accuray  manufactures  and  sells  full-body radiosurgery systems  using  image- guided  robotics,  including  the CyberKnife® Robotic  Radiosurgery System, which is FDA  cleared  in the United States to  provide  treatment planning and image- guided  stereotactic radiosurgery and  precision radiotherapy for lesions, tumors and conditions anywhere in the body where radiation treatment is  indicated  . In order to  achieve  its business objectives, Accuray  relies  on qualified distributors to  market  and  distribute  its products and services. Accuray and Siemens have  entered  into that certain Strategic Alliance Agreement,  dated  as of the date hereof (the "Strategic Alliance  Agreement"), and such agreement  provides  that Accuray and Siemens shall  enter  into a distribution agreement for Multiple LINAC and Multi- Modality Purchases (as  defined  below). Accuray  wishes  to  appoint  Distributor (as  defined  below) as a non-exclusive, worldwide distributor for the Products and Services to  Customer in connection with Multiple LINAC or Multi-Modality Purchases (as  defined  below), subject to the terms and conditions of this  Agreement, and Distributor  wishes  to  accept  such appointment. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual covenants set forth below, the parties  hereto  hereby   agree  as  follows  :     1. DEFINITIONS. Capitalized terms  used  , but not  defined  herein, shall have the meaning provided in the Strategic Alliance Agreement. The   following  terms, as  used  herein, have the  following  meaning:     1.1. "Accuray Regions" means Accuray's sales regions (as of the Effective  Date  ) of the Americas (North America and South America),  APAC (Asia Pacific, including Australia and other than India and Japan), EIMEA (Europe, India, Middle East, and Africa), and  Japan. 1.2. "Customer" means any person or business entity with whom Distributor enters into an agreement for Products or Services in  connection with a Multiple LINAC or Multi-Modality Purchase pursuant to this Agreement. 1.3. "Distributor" means Siemens, its Affiliates, or any Third Party which has been granted distribution rights whose scope includes the  Products and/or Services by Siemens. 1.4. "Multiple LINAC or Multi-Modality Purchase" means a Multiple LINAC Purchase or a Multi-Modality Purchase. 1.5. "Multi-Modality Purchase" means the purchase, on a single purchase order, of at least one Distributor imaging product (e.g., CT, MR,  PET-CT) and at least one System. 1.6. "Multiple LINAC Purchase" means the purchase, on a single purchase order, of at least one Distributor linear accelerator product and  at least one System. 1.7. "Product(s)" means the System and/or related products manufactured by or for Accuray for use in the radiosurgery market, which  have been approved for sale in the Customer's geographic region. 1.8. "Quote" means a quote provided by Accuray to Distributor pursuant to Section 2.3 that will serve as the basis for the Product  configuration, Services, pricing and delivery schedule offered to a Customer by Distributor. 1.9. "Service(s)" means the performance of radiosurgery-related service(s) by Accuray or its distributors, which may include technical  support, training or installation of Products as specified in the Quote. 1.10. "Service Agreements" means the Accuray CyberKnife Service Agreement or such other service programs and agreements as may be  released or modified by Accuray from time to time. 1.11. "Spare Parts" means replacement or additional parts or Products used in connection with the System. 1.12. "Specification(s)" means the  current  written description of a Product or Service prepared by Accuray and provided to Distributor. 1.13. "System(s)" means the Accuray CyberKnife® Robotic Radiosurgery System or CyberKnife® VSI™ System, as applicable. 2. DISTRIBUTORSHIP     2.1. Appointment. Accuray hereby  appoints  Distributor as a non-exclusive, worldwide distributor of Products and Services to Customers  solely in connection with Multiple LINAC or Multi-Modality Purchases, not to the exclusion of Accuray itself or any of its other   current  or future distributors and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. By way of clarification, this Agreement   does  not  relate  to any Cayman Product,  including  , without limitation, the distribution or sale thereof or any services  related  thereto. 2.2. Pricing. 2.2.1. Pricing of Products and Services shall be  based  upon Accuray 's  then  current  price lists for such Products and Services. The   current  price list for Products and Services effective as of the Effective  Date  will be  provided  to Distributor  contemporaneously with the delivery of this fully  executed  Agreement to Distributor. Such price lists will be subject to  change from time to time in Accuray's sole discretion, and Accuray shall  use  commercially reasonable efforts to  provide   Distributor with  updated  pricing on a regular basis,  provided  that pricing  included  in a Quote  delivered  by Accuray to  Distributor shall  reflect  Accuray's  current  up-to-date pricing unless otherwise  agreed  .  Updated  price lists shall not  apply  to  valid Quotes      2





      issued  by Accuray and subject to acceptance by Distributor prior to the effective date of such  updated  price lists. 2.2.2. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary  contained  in this Agreement, Distributor may  present  for approval  to Accuray opportunities for sales of Products and Services at prices that  differ  from the prices set forth in the then  current   price list. Accuray may, in its sole and absolute discretion,  approve  any such opportunity, and if  approved  in writing by  Accuray, Distributor shall otherwise be  permitted  to  pursue  such opportunity at such prices, which opportunity shall  otherwise be  governed  by and  pursued  pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 2.3. Quote and Purchase Process. Distributor  acknowledges  and  agrees  that Accuray will  determine  the appropriate quote process to be   observed  by the parties under this Agreement and may  amend  this process (other than the approval rights set forth in Section 2.3.2)  as  notified  to the Distributor reasonably in advance. In addition, Distributor  acknowledges  that each  proposed  sale of a Product or  Service under this Agreement is subject to the approval rights of Accuray set forth in Section 2.3.2. Accuray and Distributor will   comply  with the  following  process for  making  sales of Products and Services in connection with Multiple LINAC or Multi-Modality  Purchases:     2.3.1. Opportunity. Once Distributor has  identified  a Customer opportunity in connection with a Multiple LINAC or Multi-Modality  Purchase, it shall  request  a Quote from Accuray  based  on the Product configuration and Services  requested  by the  Customer and the Accuray Region in which the Customer is  located  , and shall  include  such other information  regarding  the  Customer and the  proposed  opportunity as Accuray may reasonably  request  . 2.3.2. Quote.  Following  receipt of Distributor's Quote request, Accuray will  determine  whether to  approve  the issuance of a Quote   related  to such request. Such determination shall be  made  in accordance with and  subject  to the conditions set forth in  Schedule 2.3.2  attached  hereto. If Accuray  approves  the issuance of a Quote, Accuray shall  issue  a Quote to Distributor   based  on the Product configuration and Services  requested  by the Customer,  including  pricing for such Products and  Services as  provided  in Section 2.2 above. The Quote  issued  by Accuray in relation to a Customer opportunity shall  serve   as the basis of any offer  made  by Distributor to that Customer and shall  remain  valid for  at least six months  (unless earlier   declined  by Distributor), and Distributor shall  submit  an  amended  Quote request to Accuray in the event  adjustments  to a  Quote are  requested  by the Customer. Any such  amended  Quote request from Distributor shall again be subject to the  Accuray approval process set forth in this Section 2.3.2. 3





     2.3.3.  Purchase  . To  purchase  Products or Services  based  on a Quote  provided  by Accuray, Distributor will  issue  a purchase order,  which shall  include  specific references to the quote number of such Quote (the "Purchase Order"). Accuray shall either   accept  or  reject  such Purchase Order within  two weeks  after receipt thereof, with any failure to  approve  or  disapprove  of  such Purchase Order in such period  constituting  disapproval. Each purchase of Accuray Components and Interfaces shall  be  accomplished  and a Purchase Order may be  accepted  by the execution of the Purchase Order by an  authorized   representative of Accuray. To the extent of any inconsistency between the Quote and the related Purchase Order, the  terms and conditions of such Quote shall  govern  and Distributor  acknowledges  and  agrees  that Accuray shall not be   bound  by any terms, conditions or boilerplate language  included  in a Distributor purchase order  submitted  to Accuray. The Purchase Order shall be  delivered  to Accuray via fax, electronic mail, or mail at the  following  address:     Accuray Incorporated  ATTN: Contracts Administration   1310  Chesapeake Terrace  Sunnyvale, CA 94089  Main: (408) 716-4600  Fax: (408) 789-4205  Email: Orders@accuray.com     2.3.4. Cancellation; Amendment; Conflict. Distributor may  cancel  the Purchase Order if Accuray has not  executed  such Purchase  Order within  two weeks  of receipt. Any amendment or addition to the Purchase Order shall only be effective if Distributor  and Accuray  confirm  such amendment or addition in writing. To the extent of any inconsistency between a Quote or a  Purchase Order and this Agreement, this Agreement shall  prevail  , unless such Quote or Purchase Order is  signed  by both  the CFO or General Counsel of Accuray and the CFO of Distributor, expressly  refers  to this Section 2.3.4, and  states  that  the Quote or Purchase Order is  intended  to  supersede  this Agreement. 2.4. Standard Lead Time. As of the Effective Time and to the best of Accuray's knowledge, Accuray's standard lead time for delivery of  Products is  six months . 3. DUTIES OF DISTRIBUTOR     3.1. Independent Distributor. Distributor shall be and must at all times  make  it clear that it is an independent entity contracting with  Accuray, and is not the employee, representative or agent of Accuray. Distributor  does  not have the ability or authority to  enter   into any legal agreements or obligations that would  bind  Accuray in any manner. 3.2. Market Knowledge, Promotion and Sales. Distributor will  develop  a thorough and complete understanding of the Products and  Services. Distributor will  use  its knowledge and understanding to  identify  and  cultivate  potential Customers. Distributor  agrees  to   use  commercially reasonable efforts to  introduce  ,  promote  the sale of, and  obtain  orders for the Products and Services in connection  with Multiple LINAC or Multi-Modality Purchases,  including  , without limitation,  including  the Products and Services in each of  Distributor's      4





     Oncology Care Systems price book and sales operation system, such that all of Distributor's sales representatives can  access   quotations for Products and Services at least as easily as all other systems then available for purchase from Distributor. Moreover,  Distributor  represents  and warrants that, on the date hereof and during the  Term  of this Agreement and any extension thereof, it (i)   possesses  the knowledge, experience, skills, and ability  required  to properly  fulfill  its obligations under this Agreement; and (ii) has  the  required  facilities, manpower, capacity, financial strength, and knowledge to market and  distribute  Accuray's Products and  Services in connection with Multiple LINAC or Multi-Modality Purchases. 3.3. Distributor Personnel. During the  Term  of this Agreement and any extension thereof, Distributor  agrees  to  use  commercially reasonable  efforts to  employ  qualified sales and technical personnel familiar with the Products and Services,  including  , without limitation, at  least one person in Distributor's Oncology Care Systems sales group with a primary responsibility for sales of Products, to  perform   the marketing and sales requirements as set forth herein. 3.4. Distributor Personnel Sales Training. Distributor shall  use  commercially reasonable efforts to  cause  each of its Oncology Care Systems  sales personnel with any sales duties  related  to the Systems to  attend  any training  provided  by Accuray in such personnel's  Accuray Region pursuant to Section 4.12. 3.5. Offers. Distributor shall  inform  Accuray of all potential Customers for Multiple LINAC or Multi-Modality Purchases during the  Term  of  this Agreement or any extension thereof. Distributor shall  offer  such potential Customers only those Products or Services  described   in then  current  price lists, and only in accordance with the applicable Customer Quote and this Agreement. 3.6. Purchase Schedule. For each sale  completed  by Distributor, the  resulting  contract for the sale of Products shall be between Distributor  and the Customer and the Service Agreement, if any, shall be between Accuray and the Customer or Accuray and the Distributor, as   determined  pursuant to Section 4.8. For each such sale, Distributor must  send  a Purchase Order to Accuray at least six (6)  months   prior to the expected shipment date. 3.7. Customer Complaints. Distributor shall  report  promptly and in  writing  to Accuray any complaints or expressions of dissatisfaction by  the Customers to Distributor  relating  to the Products or Services. Any such reports shall be  provided  to Accuray via electronic mail  to the  following  address: complaints@accuray.com. 3.8. Warranty. Distributor will not  make  any warranties or representations in Accuray's name or on Accuray's behalf other than the  warranty  provided  by Accuray pursuant to Section 4.6 unless  approved  in advance in writing by Accuray. 3.9. Service Agreements. Distributor will  make  commercially reasonable efforts to  sell  a Service Agreement to each Customer. For the  avoidance of doubt, (i) the obligations of the parties with respect to the Service Agreement are as set forth in Sections 3.6 and 4.8  and (ii) the failure of Distributor to  sell  a Service Agreement to any Customer shall not be  deemed  to be a breach of this Agreement. 3.10. Upgrades. Any Product upgrades  released  by Accuray (other than Bug Fixes and Safety Updates, which are  addressed  in Section  4.6.3 and 4.6.4 respectively) can be  purchased  at the discretion of the Distributor pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 2.3. Such      5





     upgrades will be available at the prices  listed  in the then  current  price list as of the date of the Quote (unless prior  written  approval  by Accuray for application of an earlier price list is  obtained  ) for the upgrade, less any applicable discounts as  specified  in Exhibit A  hereto. 3.11. Compliance with Laws. 3.11.1. Compliance Generally. Distributor has and will have during the  Term  of this Agreement and any extension thereof the ability  to  distribute  , market and  sell  the Products and Services in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, in full compliance  with all governmental, regulatory and other requirements under any applicable law. Furthermore, Distributor  agrees  to   comply  with all applicable international, national, regional and local laws applicable to the performance of its duties  hereunder or to any transactions  involving  the Products or Services  contemplated  hereunder. 3.11.2. United States Laws. Distributor  understands  that, because it is  distributing  the Products and Services of Accuray, a  corporation subject to the laws of the United States of America, Distributor must, when  carrying  out its duties pursuant to  this Agreement,  avoid  violations of certain of such laws. These  include  , but are not necessarily  limited  to, the  following  :     3.11.2.1. Restrictive Trade Practices or Boycotts, U.S. Code of Federal Regulations Title 15, Chapter VII, Part 760. 3.11.2.2. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, U.S.
