
Exhibit 1.2

ATHENS BANCSHARES CORPORATION  up to    Shares  (subject to  increase  up to    shares)  COMMON  SHARES   ($.01 Par Value)  Subscription Price $10.00 Per Share  AGENCY AGREEMENT   ,  2009 

Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Investment Banking  10 South Wacker Drive, Suite 3400  Chicago, Illinois 60606

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Athens Bancshares Corporation, a Tennessee corporation (the "Company"), and Athens Federal Community Bank, a federal savings bank  located   in Athens, Tennessee (the "Bank") (references to the "Bank"  include  the Bank in mutual or stock form as  indicated  by the context), the deposit  accounts of which are  insured  by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC"), hereby  confirm  their agreement with Keefe, Bruyette &  Woods, Inc. (the "Agent") as  follows  :

Section 1. The Offering. The Bank, in accordance with its plan of conversion  adopted  by its Board of Directors (the "Plan"),  intends  to  convert   from a federally- chartered  mutual savings bank to a federal stock savings bank (the "Conversion"), and  issue  all of its issued and outstanding  capital stock to the Company. The Conversion will be  accomplished  pursuant to federal law and the rules and regulations of the Office of Thrift  Supervision (the "OTS"). Pursuant to the Plan, the Company will  offer  and  sell  up to shares (subject to  increase  up to shares) of its common stock,  $.01 par value per share (the "Shares" or "Common Shares"), in a subscription offering (the "Subscription Offering") to (1) depositors of the Bank  with Qualifying Deposits (as  defined  in the Plan) as of  March 31, 2008  ("Eligible Account Holders"), (2) the employee stock ownership plan   established  by either the Bank or the Company (the "ESOP"), (3) depositors of the Bank with Qualifying Deposits as of  September 30, 2009   ("Supplemental Eligible Account Holders"), and (4) other depositor and borrower members of the Bank as  defined  in the Plan. Subject to the prior  subscription rights of the above- listed  parties, the Company may  offer  for sale in a community offering (the "Community Offering" and when   referred  to together with or subsequent to the Subscription Offering, the "Subscription and Community Offering") the Shares not  subscribed  for or   ordered  in the Subscription  Offering  to members of the general public to whom a copy of the Prospectus (as hereinafter  defined  ) is  delivered  with a  preference  given  first to natural persons who are residents of Blount, Bradley, Hamilton, Knox, Loudon, McMinn, Meras, Monroe and Polk  Counties in Tennessee. It is  anticipated  that shares not  subscribed  for in the Subscription and Community Offering may be  offered  to certain  members of the general public on a best efforts basis through a  selected  dealers agreement (the "Syndicated Community Offering") (the  Subscription Offering, Community Offering and Syndicated Community Offering are collectively  referred  to as the "Offering"). It is  acknowledged   that the purchase of Shares in the Offering is subject to the maximum and minimum purchase limitations as  described  in the Plan and that the  Company may  reject  , in whole or in part, any orders  received  in the Community Offering or Syndicated Community Offering. In connection with the Conversion and pursuant to the terms of the Plan as  described  in the Prospectus, immediately  following  the consummation  of the Conversion, subject to the approval of the Bank's depositors and compliance with certain conditions as may be  imposed  by regulatory  authorities, the Company will  contribute  $100,000 and 100,000 shares of Common Stock to the Athens Federal Foundation (the "Foundation") such  shares hereinafter being  referred  to as the ("Foundation Shares"). The Company has  filed  with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission") a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-   )  (the "Registration Statement"),  containing  a prospectus  relating  to the Offering, for the registration of the Shares under the Securities Act of  1933   (the " 1933  Act"), and has  filed  such amendments thereof and such  amended  prospectuses as may have been  required  to the date hereof. The  term   "Registration Statement" shall  include  any documents  incorporated  by reference therein and all financial schedules and exhibits thereto, as   amended  ,  including  post-effective amendments. The prospectus, as  amended  , on file with the Commission at the time the Registration Statement  initially  became  effective is hereinafter  called  the "Prospectus," except that if any Prospectus is  filed  by the Company pursuant to Rule 424(b) or (c)  of the rules and regulations of the Commission under the  1933  Act (the " 1933  Act Regulations")  differing  from the prospectus on file at the time  the Registration Statement initially  became  effective, the  term  "Prospectus" shall  refer  to the prospectus  filed  pursuant to Rule 424(b) or (c) from  and after the time  said  prospectus is  filed  with the Commission. In accordance with Title 12, Part 563b of the Code of Federal Regulations (the "Conversion Regulations"), the Bank has  filed  with the OTS an  Application For Conversion on Form AC (the "Form AC"),  including  the Prospectus and the Conversion Valuation Appraisal Report  prepared  by  Keller & Company, Inc. (the "Appraisal") and has  filed  such amendments  thereto  as may have been  required  by the OTS. The Form AC has been   approved  by the OTS and the related Prospectus has been  authorized  for use by the OTS. In addition, the Company has  filed  with the OTS its  Application H-(e)l-S (the "Holding Company Application") to  become  a savings and loan  holding  company under the Home Owners' Loan Act, as   amended  ("HOLA") and the regulations  promulgated  thereunder (the "Control Act Regulations"). Section 2. Retention and Compensation of Agent. Subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the Company and the Bank hereby  appoint   the Agent as their exclusive financial advisor and marketing agent (i) to  utilize  its best efforts to  solicit  subscriptions for Common Shares and to   advise  and  assist  the Company and the Bank with respect to the Company's sale of the Shares in the Offering and (ii) to  participate  in the Offering  in the areas of market making and in syndicate formation (if necessary). On the basis of the representations, warranties, and agreements herein  contained  , but subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the  Agent  accepts  such appointment and  agrees  to  consult  with and  advise  the Company and the Bank as to the matters set forth in the letter  agreement,  dated   June 9, 2009 , between the Bank and the Agent (a copy of which is  attached  hereto as Exhibit A) (the "Engagement Letter"). It is   acknowledged  by the Company and the Bank that the Agent shall not be  required  to  purchase  any Shares or be  obligated  to  take  any action which  is inconsistent with all applicable laws, regulations, decisions or orders. The obligations of the Agent pursuant to this Agreement shall  terminate  upon termination of the Offering, but in no event later than  45 days  after  the completion of the Subscription Offering (the "End  Date  "). All fees or expenses due to the Agent but unpaid will be payable to the Agent in   next day  funds at the earlier of the Closing  Date  (as hereinafter  defined  ) or the End  Date  . In the event the Offering is  extended  beyond the End   Date  , the Company and the Agent may  agree  to  renew  this Agreement under mutually acceptable terms. In the event the Company is unable to  sell  a minimum of    Shares within the period herein  provided  , this Agreement shall  terminate  and the  Company shall  refund  to any persons who have  subscribed  for any of the Shares the full amount which it may have  received  from them plus   accrued  interest, as set forth in the Prospectus; and none of the parties to this Agreement shall have any obligation to the other parties hereunder,  except as set forth in this Section 2 and in Sections 7, 9 and 10 hereof. In the event the Offering is  terminated  for any reason not attributable to the  action or inaction of the Agent, the Agent shall be  paid  the fees due to the date of such termination pursuant to subparagraphs (a) and (d) below. 2







The Agent shall  receive  the  following  compensation for its services hereunder:

(a) A management fee of $30,000 payable in four consecutive  monthly  installments of $7,500 each commencing with the execution of the  Engagement Letter. This fee shall be  deemed  to have been  earned  when due and shall be non-refundable. (b) A success fee upon completion of the Offering of 1.125% of the aggregate purchase price of the Common Shares  sold  in the Subscription  Offering and Community  Offering   excluding  shares  purchased  by the Bank's officers, directors, or employees (or members of their immediate  family), any ESOP, tax-qualified or stock- based  compensation plans (except IRAs) or similar plan  created  by the Bank or the Company for some or  all of its directors or employees, or  contributed  to any charitable foundation  established  by the Bank in connection with the Conversion. In no  event shall the success fee  paid  for the sale of Common Stock in the Subscription and Community Offering be less than $200,000. The management  fee will be  applied  against the first success fee. (c) If any of the Common Shares  remain  available after the Subscription Offering, at the request of the Company, the Agent will  seek  to  form  a  syndicate of  registered  broker-dealers ("Selected Dealers") to  assist  in the sale of such Common Shares on a best efforts basis, subject to the  terms and conditions set forth in the  selected  dealers agreement. The Agent will  endeavor  to  distribute  the Common Shares among the Selected  Dealers in a fashion which best  meets  the distribution objectives of the Bank and the Plan. The Agent will be  paid  a fee not to  exceed  5.5% of the  aggregate Purchase Price of the Shares  sold  in the Syndicated Community Offering. The Agent will  pass  onto the Selected Dealers who  assist  in  the Syndicated Community  Offering  an amount competitive with gross underwriting discounts  charged  at such time for comparable amounts of  stock  sold  at a comparable price per share in a similar market environment. Fees with respect to purchases  effected  with the assistance of Selected  Dealers other than the Agent shall be  transmitted  by the Agent to such Selected Dealers. The decision to  utilize  Selected Dealers will be  made  by  the Company upon consultation with the Agent. (d) The Company and the Bank shall  reimburse  the Agent for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses,  including  costs of travel, meals and lodging,  photocopying, telephone, facsimile and couriers. The Company and the Bank will  reimburse  the Agent for the fees and expenses of the Agent's  counsel which will not  exceed  $50,000. The Company will  bear  the expenses of the Offering customarily  borne  by issuers  including  , without  limitation, regulatory filing fees, SEC, "Blue Sky," and FINRA filing and registration fees; the fees of the Company's accountants, attorneys,  appraiser, transfer agent and registrar, printing, mailing and marketing and syndicate expenses  associated  with the conversion; and the fees set  forth under this Section 2; and any fees for Blue Sky legal work. Full payment of the Agent's actual and accountable expenses, advisory fees and compensation shall be  made  in  next day  funds on the earlier of  the Closing  Date  or a determination by the Bank to  terminate  or  abandon  the Offering. The payment of such expenses  assume  no unusual  circumstances or delays, or a re-solicitation in connection with the subscription and community offering. The Company and the Bank acknowledge  that such expense cap may be  increased  by mutual consent,  including  in the event of a material delay in the Offering which would  require  an  update of the financial information in tabular form to  reflect  a period later than that set forth in the original filing. Section 3. Sale and Delivery of Shares. If all conditions precedent to the consummation of the Conversion,  including  without limitation, the sale of  all Shares  required  by the Plan to be  sold  , are satisfied, the Company  agrees  to  issue  , or have  issued  , the Shares  sold  in the Offering and to  release   for delivery certificates for such Shares on the Closing  Date  against payment to the Company by any means authorized by the Plan; provided,  however, that no funds shall be released to the Company until the conditions specified in Section 8 hereof shall have been complied with to the  reasonable satisfaction of the Agent and its counsel. The release of Shares against payment therefor shall be  made  on a date and at a place  acceptable to the Company, the Bank and the Agent. Certificates for shares shall be  delivered  

3







directly to the purchasers in accordance with their directions. The date upon which the Company shall  release  or  deliver  the shares  sold  in the  Offering, in accordance with the terms herein, is  called  the "Closing  Date  ."

Section 4. Representations and Warranties of the Company and the Bank. The Company and the Bank jointly and severally  represent  and  warrant   to and  agree  with the Agent as  follows  :

(a) The Registration Statement which was  prepared  by the Company and the Bank and  filed  with the Commission has been  declared  effective by  the Commission, no stop order has been  issued  with respect thereto and no proceedings therefor have been  initiated  or, to the knowledge of the  Company or the Bank,  threatened  by the Commission.
