
Exhibit 10.13

COLLABORATION AGREEMENT

THIS COLLABORATION AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is  entered  into as of  November 2, 2012  (the "Effective  Date  ") by and between BIOCEPT, INC., a California corporation  having  an address of 5810 Nancy Ridge Drive, Suite 150, San Diego, CA 92121 ("Biocept"), and LIFE TECHNOLOGIES  CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation  having  an address of 5791 Van Allen Way, Carlsbad, California 92008 ("Life Technologies"). WHEREAS, Life Technologies, through its Medical Sciences Division, is  engaged  in the development and commercialization of diagnostic systems, tests and laboratory services,  including  in oncology;

WHEREAS, Biocept has  developed  expertise and proprietary technology in enrichment, extraction and analysis of  circulating  tumor cells (CTCs) for use in laboratory  developed  tests  used  for the non-invasive and early stage detection and characterization of primary, metastatic or recurrent cancers; and

WHEREAS, Life Technologies and Biocept desire to  collaborate  so that Biocept will  develop  and  commercialize  one or more Tests, as  defined  herein, for Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC),  using  their respective technologies and expertise, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. Life Technologies and Biocept will both  promote  the test and  perform  different components of the test, and Life Technologies will  provide  test results in the form of reports to physicians. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual covenants  contained  herein, and  intending  to be legally  bound  , the parties hereby  agree  as  follows  :   1. DEFINITIONS

1.1 "Affiliate" shall mean any company or entity controlled by, controlling, or under common control with a party hereto and shall include any company more than 50% of whose voting stock or participating profit interest is owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by a party, and any company which owns or controls, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the voting stock of a party. 1.2 "Assay" shall mean Biocept's OncoCEE-LU™ (and OncoCEE-LU™ with Mutation Analysis) laboratory developed assay for characterization and profiling of CTCs from NSCLC patients, which shall incorporate, as Phase 1, CTC enumeration by cytokeratin and CD45 (and CEE-Enhanced™ when available), EML4/Alk1 fusions and EGFR amplification by fluorescence in situ hybridization (determined by Biocept); and as Phase 2, the additional detection of mutations for relevant genes, e.g., K-RAS, EGFR and B-RAF, as agreed by the parties, on captured CTCs and/or cell-free circulating DNA, as agreed by the parties, and employing technologies that potentially may include Biocept's Selector technology, and any improvements or enhancements thereto, exclusive of new analytes (which are discussed in Section 3.5(f) under Collaboration Assays) or applications to primary screening. 1.3 "Biocept Trademarks" shall mean Biocept, Inc., "OncoCEE-LU ", "OncoCEE™", "CEE-Sure ", CEE- Enhanced™", and/or such other trademarks and trade names owned or licensed, and used, by Biocept and/or its Affiliates in the Territory to identify the Tests, in each case, whether or not registered. 1.4 "Life Technologies Trademarks," shall mean Life Technologies , Life Technologies Medical Sciences and/or such other trademarks and trade names owned or licensed and used by Life Technologies to identify the Tests, in each case, whether or not registered. 1.5 "CLIA" shall mean the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of  1988 , as it may be amended from time to time. 1.6 "Collaboration" shall have the meaning provided Section 3.1. 1.7 "Collaboration Assay(s)" shall have the meaning provided in Section 3.5(e). 1.8 "CPT Code" shall mean the American Medical Association's ("AMA") " Current  Procedural Terminology" as published in the AMA's CPT Process Manual, Fourth Edition and any such future editions, for procedures used in performance of the Assay, and amounts reimbursed by Medicare for such procedures for location 99, as modified  annually . 1.9 "Designated Executive Officer" shall mean the executive officers of each party designated in writing be each party as being responsible for resolving disputes related to the Collaboration, which shall initially be David Hale on behalf of Biocept and Ronnie Andrews on behalf of Life Technologies. 1.10 "FDA" shall mean the United States Food and Drug Administration, or any successor federal agency thereto. 1.11 "HIPAA" shall mean, collectively, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of  1996 , as amended, and all regulations promulgated thereunder at 45 C.F.R. parts 160 through 164, and the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of  2009  and related regulations and guidelines. 1.12 "Intellectual Property Rights" means all  now  or hereafter existing patents, patent applications, copyrights, trademarks (including service marks), trade secrets, know-how, mask work rights and design rights, whether registered or unregistered, and all rights or forms of protection of a similar nature having equivalent or similar effect to any of the foregoing, which may subsist anywhere in the world. 1.13 "Launch" shall mean formal commercial availability and offering to physicians of a Test, as mutually agreed upon by the parties. 1.14 "Laws" shall mean all federal, state and local laws and regulations that apply to this Agreement including, without limitation, (i) the Bayh-Dole Act (ii) the

2

TM TM

TM





Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C § 321 et seq.) (iii) the federal Anti-kickback Statute (42 U.S.C. § 1320a- 7b(b)) (iv) the Stark Law (42 U.S.C. § 1395nn) (v) the Anti-Inducement Law (42 U.S.C. § 1320a-7a(a)(5)) (vi) the civil False Claims Act (31 U.S.C. §§ 3729 et seq.) (vii) the administrative False Claims Law (42 U.S.C. § 1320a-7b(a)) (viii) the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of  1996  (42 U.S.C. § 1320d et seq.), (ix) the exclusion laws (x) SSA §  1128  (42 U.S.C. § 1320a-7) (xi) Medicare (Title XVIII of the Social Security Act), (xii) Medicaid (Title XIX of the Social Security Act); (xiii) the Clinical Laboratory Improvements Act of  1988  (CLIA); and (xiv) data security, protection and privacy laws in the applicable jurisdictions. 1.15 "Professional Component" shall mean the performance of the professional component of the steps of the Assay, which is the interpretation of results (generated in the Technical Component) of an Assay by a pathologist, and is covered by CPT codes from the Professional Fee Schedule with the modifier "26". 1.16 "Technical Component" shall mean the performance of the technical component of the steps of the Assay, which is the physical performance of the Assay procedure up to the interpretation of results, and is covered by CPT codes from the Professional Fee Schedule without the modifier "26", and typically with a modifier "TC". 1.17 " Term  " shall have the meaning provided in Section 11.1. 1.18 "Test(s)" shall mean the Assay, which is a laboratory developed test, and/or any Collaboration Assay which is added to this Agreement pursuant to Section 3.5(e), performed as a clinical reference laboratory test. 1.19 "Territory" shall mean the United States of America, and other countries of the world, contingent in the latter case on the parties agreeing in writing on an appropriate strategy to access them in accordance with Section 3.2. 1.20 "Third Party(ies)" shall mean any entity other than Biocept or Life Technologies or an Affiliate of Biocept or Life Technologies. 2. APPOINTMENT; LICENSES

2.1 Appointment. Upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, Biocept hereby  grants  Life Technologies during the  Term  the non-exclusive right, as further  defined  in Section 2.3, to  promote  the Tests in the Territory and to  perform  the Professional Component of the Tests  sold  by the parties in the Territory, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 2.2 Trademark Licenses. The parties hereby  grant  to each other non-exclusive, fully- paid  , royalty-free licenses to  utilize  the other party's trademarks, as  follows  :

(a) Biocept Trademarks. To  facilitate  the promotion and performance of Tests, during the  Term  Biocept hereby  grants  Life Technologies a non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-transferable license to  use  the Biocept Trademarks solely for

3





use in connection with the promotion and performance of the Tests in the Territory. All materials  associated  with the Tests and  used  by Life Technologies in connection with the promotion of the Tests,  including  web- based  , shall be  co   -   branded  with such Biocept Trademarks as  approved  by Biocept prior to distribution. All use of Biocept Trademarks by Life Technologies hereunder ( including  all goodwill  arising  as a result of such use) shall  inure  to the benefit of Biocept, and these rights, whether registered or not  registered  , at all times shall  remain  the sole property of Biocept.  Biocept  shall  provide  Life Technologies with copies of the Biocept Trademarks in an appropriate form for the uses  contemplated  in this Agreement. Life Technologies shall  provide  Biocept with samples of all  proposed  use of the Biocept Trademarks in advance of such  proposed  use and Biocept shall have the right to  approve  the appearance and placement of Biocept Trademarks by Life Technologies for the purpose of  protecting  and  maintaining  the standards of quality  maintained  by Biocept for products  sold  under the Biocept Trademarks and for use of the Biocept Trademarks. If Biocept at any time  finds  that Life Technologies is not in compliance with this Section, then Biocept may  notify  Life Technologies in writing of such deficiencies, and if Life Technologies  fails  to  correct  such deficiencies within thirty (30)  days  after receipt of such notice, Biocept may, at its election and in addition to any other remedies,  terminate  the license  granted  to Life Technologies with respect to the Biocept Trademarks. Life Technologies shall  display  the ™ or   symbol, as  directed  by Biocept, in connection with Life Technologies' use of the Biocept Trademarks. (b) Life Technologies Trademarks. To  facilitate  the promotion and performance of Tests, during the  Term  Life Technologies hereby  grants  Biocept a non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-transferable license to  use  the Life Technologies Trademarks solely for use in connection with the promotion and performance of the Tests in the Territory. Materials  associated  with the Tests and  used  by Biocept in connection with the promotion of Tests,  including  web- based  materials, may be  co   -   branded  with such Life Technologies Trademarks as  approved  by the parties prior to distribution. All use of Life Technologies Trademarks by Biocept hereunder  including  all goodwill  arising  as a result of such use) shall  inure  to the benefit of Life Technologies, and these rights, whether registered or not  registered  , at all times shall  remain  the sole property of Life Technologies. Life Technologies shall  provide  Biocept with copies of the Life Technologies Trademarks in an appropriate form for the uses  contemplated  in this Agreement. Biocept shall  provide  Life Technologies with samples of all  proposed  use of the Life Technologies Trademarks in advance of such  proposed  use and Life Technologies shall have the right to  approve  the appearance and placement of Life Technologies Trademarks by Biocept for the purpose of  protecting  and  maintaining  the standards of quality  maintained  by Life Technologies for products  sold  under the Life Technologies Trademarks and for use of the Life Technologies Trademarks. If Life Technologies at any time  finds  that Biocept is not in compliance with this Section, then Life Technologies may  notify  Biocept in writing of such deficiencies, and if Biocept  fails  to  correct  such deficiencies within thirty (30)  days  after receipt of such notice, Life Technologies may, at its election and in addition to any other remedies,  terminate  the license  granted  to Biocept with respect to the Life Technologies Trademarks. Biocept shall  display  the ™ or   symbol, as  directed  by Life Technologies, in connection with Biocept's use of the Life Technologies Trademarks. 4

®

®





2.3 Exclusivity. During the  Term  , the parties will  promote  and  perform  Tests for the clinical testing market on a non- exclusive basis in the Territory, except as otherwise  provided  for below. Biocept will have sole responsibility for  performing  the Technical Component of all Tests  sold  by the parties, until and unless Life Technologies  obtains  the right from Biocept to independently  develop  its own Tests in accordance with all applicable FDA regulatory requirements, as  provided  for in Section 7.1. Life Technologies will be  authorized  to  perform  the Professional Component of all Tests  sold  by the parties, although Biocept may  engage  other groups in promotion, marketing and performance arrangements for the Tests, at the discretion of Biocept. Biocept shall  provide  thirty (30)  days   written  notice to Life Technologies before  entering  into any such promotion, marketing and performance arrangement. 3. COLLABORATION

3.1 Purpose. During the  Term  , the parties  agree  to  cooperate  and  collaborate  to  develop  ,  promote  and  commercialize  the Tests for the clinical testing market in the Territory and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (the "Collaboration"). The principal objective of the parties hereunder is to  maximize  the commercialization of the Tests in the Territory. The parties shall  deploy  each of their respective sales forces in accordance with the terms of this Agreement in an effort to  promote  the Tests in the Territory in the manner as  agreed  to by the parties, under the direction of the Joint Steering Committee. 3.2 Commercialization of Tests Outside the USA. At any time for up to two (2)  years  after the Effective  Date  , should Life Technologies desire to  offer  for sale any Test outside the USA, it shall first  discuss  with Biocept an appropriate strategy and plan for such effort. Such strategy and plan may  involve  the development of, and  obtaining  all applicable regulatory authorizations for, an in vitro diagnostic kit, instruments or similar systems, in collaboration with Biocept (with funding support, and more fully  described  in Section 7.2), such strategy and plan to be  reduced  to writing and  approved  by the parties. If such  written  plan is not  approved  by the parties within two (2)  years  of the Effective  Date  , the Territory shall  revert  to only the USA, unless otherwise  agreed  to by the parties. 3.3 Life Technologies Responsibilities. Life Technologies shall  use  commercially reasonable efforts to  promote  the Tests in the Territory, in accordance with Section 3.2,  using  sales channels and methods, and  adhering  to substantially similar standards that it generally  employs  with respect to its laboratory  developed  tests. Without  limiting  the foregoing, Life Technologies' responsibilities with respect to marketing and promotion of the Tests in the Territory during the  Term  shall  include  the  following  :

(a) Life Technologies Customers. Life Technologies shall  use  commercially reasonable efforts to  promote  the Tests to the appropriate healthcare professionals. 5





(b) Test Performance. Life Technologies shall have the responsibility, subject to its capacity to  support  in its reasonable discretion (of which capacity Life Technologies shall  notify  Biocept in  writing  at least sixty (60)  days  before launch of the Assay, and  use  diligent efforts to  notify  Biocept at least thirty (30)  days  before discovery of any decreases or increases in such capacity), for  performing  the Professional Component of the Assays  sold  by either party in the Territory. In particular, the laboratory director of the Life Technologies CLIA laboratory will be responsible for  issuing  and  signing  off on the report. (c) Sales, Marketing and Customer Service. (i) Life Technologies shall, at its sole expense and in accordance with Section 2.2,  develop  and  deliver  to customers marketing materials for the Tests. Life Technologies shall  use  , as appropriate, Biocept's "OncoCEE-LU ", OncoCEE™", "CEE-Enhanced™" and "CEE-Sure" brand and the Biocept corporate name and logo, together with any Life Technologies  branding  , as part of the marketing materials for the marketing of the Tests and, where appropriate, in its other public presentations and disclosures  concerning  the Assay or Tests.
