
1

                                                                 EXHIBIT 10.4

                 LICENSING AND WEB SITE HOSTING AGREEMENT

     This Agreement is  entered  into on  February 26, 1999 , (the "Effective  Date  ") by and between Mortgage Logic.com, Inc. ("Client"), with an address at Two Venture Plaza, 2 Venture, Irvine, California 92618 and TrueLink, Inc. ("TrueLink"), with an address at 3026 South Higuera, San Luis Obispo, California 93401. WHEREAS, TrueLink is in the business of (i) developing and licensing interface software (the "Interface") to third parties; (ii)  providing  access to credit bureau information to third parties through the Interface; and (iii)  providing  certain technical support and programming customization services to users of the Interface substantially similar to those specifically  enumerated  herein (collectively "Support Services"); and

     WHEREAS, TrueLink is  licensed  (or will be  licensed  ) to  provide  access through the Interface to  automated  underwriting systems  made  available by certain third party investors or mortgage insurers (each such system is  referred  to hereafter as a "System", and all systems for which TrueLink is  licensed  to  provide  access are collectively  referred  to hereafter as the "Systems"); and

     WHEREAS, Client desires to  obtain  access (for itself and for certain of Client's correspondent broker customers) for communications with, and use of, the Interface,  including  credit bureau information, by  transmitting  information and data to and  receiving  information and data from the Interface and such Support Services as Client may from time-to-time specify; and

     WHEREAS, TrueLink is willing to  provide  to Client and to certain of Client's correspondent broker customers  access  to the Interface and various Support Services, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby  acknowledged  , the parties  agree  as  follows  :

     1. DEFINITIONS. a. Browser. The  term  "Browser"  refers  to a program  used  to  provide  interactive, graphical access to sites on the World Wide Web. b. Client Content. The  term  "Client Content" means all text, words, names, likenesses, trademarks, logos, artwork, graphics, video, audio, HTML, JAVA or other coding, domain names, image maps, links, software applications, or other content that appear on, or are provided to TrueLink by or on behalf of Client for uploading to or downloading from, the Web Site. c. Client's Intellectual Property. The  term  "Client Intellectual Property" means, client's designs, customer lists, formulas, procedures, methods, apparatus, ideas, creations, improvements, works of authorship, materials, processes, inventions, techniques, data, know-how,

2

show-how, algorithms, programs, subroutines, tools, patents and patentable materials, copyrights and copyrightable materials and trade secrets. d. Credit Data. The  term  "Credit Data" means data of any borrower or loan applicant of Client or BNC Mortgage, Inc., or any of their affiliates, or any of their customers or brokers, provided that such data (i) consists only of raw credit data regarding the creditworthiness of such a borrower or loan applicant provided by third party credit repositories which  currently  consists of TransUnion Credit Information Services, Equifax Credit Information Services or Experien Information Services that is submitted, transmitted or in any way sent through the Interface and is the later of (I) the later of 31  days  old from that date of receipt thereof by TrueLink or that date on which such data is "archived" pursuant to TrueLink's internal operating procedures consistently applied or (II) such date as may be agreed to between Client and Keith Guy provided that the parties acknowledge that such parties will discuss a date on which such data is similarly "archived" third party credit repositories as referred in this subparagraph (d) and (ii) is not combined, compared with or against, integrated or presented in any way with any Client Proprietary Information. e. Credit Reporting Agreement. The  term  "Credit Reporting Agreement" means the various agreements between TrueLink and each of TransUnion Credit Information Services, Experien Information Services and Equifax Credit Information Services pursuant to which TrueLink is provided raw credit data from time to time. f. TrueLink's Intellectual Property. The  term  "TrueLink Intellectual Property" means any or its intellectual property associated with the Interface, including, without limitation, designs, formulas, procedures, methods, apparatus, ideas, creations, improvements, works of authorship, materials, processes, inventions, techniques, data, know-how, show-how, algorithms, programs, subroutines, tools, patents and patentable materials, copyrights and copyrightable materials and trade secrets. g. Internet. The  term  "Internet"  refers  to the global network of computers  using  the TCP/IP protocol for communication. h. Web Site. The  term  "Web Site"  refers  to the World Wide Web site on which Client Content will  appear  . i. System Agreements. The  term  "System Agreements" means any agreement pursuant to which TrueLink is licensed to provide access to a System. 2. LICENSE. a. Grant. TrueLink hereby grants to Client a non-exclusive license to  use  the Interface in the ordinary course of its business of the origination, underwriting, processing and funding of consumer finance receivables in accordance with this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Client is not  obligated  to  utilize  the License and is free to  acquire  ,  develop  ,  license  or otherwise  utilize  any other hardware, software system, design, formula, procedure or trade secret to  provide  software and services similar to the ones  provided  by TrueLink hereunder, so long as such

                                   -2-    3

software or services  do  not  infringe  upon any of TrueLink's Intellectual Property. Nothing in the foregoing sentence is  meant  to  affect  in any way Client's confidentiality obligations pursuant to Section 10 herein. b. Scope. The license  granted  to Client pursuant to section 2(a)  consists  of the  following  rights:

                     i. Use and execution of the Interface on a compatible software platform (as such compatibility specifications may be  issued  by TrueLink from time to time); and

                     ii. Access to the Interface from multiple computer  located  at those sites  listed  on Exhibit "A." Client may  amend  Exhibit "A" by  giving  TrueLink  written  notice of the new sites. c.  Term  . The license shall  last  until this Agreement is  terminated  in accordance with section 12. d. Ownership. Notwithstanding the license  granted  under section 2.1, TrueLink  retains  all of its ownership and license rights in the Interface. 3. HOSTING SERVICES. TrueLink will  provide  the  following  services to Client (the "Hosting Services"):

             a. Storage. ___  megabytes  (MB) of disk space on TrueLink's servers will be  used  for storage of the Web Site and any data files  associated  with the Web Site. b. Response Time. TrueLink  agrees  to  use  reasonable commercial efforts, consistent with efforts  provided  to its other Clients to  ensure  reasonable response times for users  accessing  the Web Site. Reasonable response times shall be  measured  as  follows  : at a mutually  agreed  to time Client will  conduct  three tests of the time that it  takes  to  load  the home page of the Web Site from an IBM compatible computer (with a 16550 UART chip and an Intel 80586 300 MHZ processor  running  Windows 98 or NT and Microsoft Internet Explorer (with the cache  turned  off)  accessing  the Web Site over a phone line  using  a 28.8K baud modem (the results of these tests will be  reported  to TrueLink upon completion); reasonable response times means that at all times the time it takes to load the home page of the Web Site using a properly configured IBM compatible computer (as set forth above) accessing the Web Site over a phone line using a 28.8K baud modem shall in no event exceed twice the average of the three test response times. c. Bandwidth. ___ MB of  monthly  bandwidth (data transfer). In the event that the response time is not reasonable as  determined  under section 3.1 hereof, upon  written  notice from Client, TrueLink will, within a reasonable period of time,  use  reasonable commercial efforts to  increase  the bandwidth as necessary to  make  the response time reasonable. d. Availability. The Web Site will be available Client's to Internet users  approximately 24 hours   a day ,  seven days   a week , normal maintenance and unforeseen hardware or communications problems  excepted  . To  minimize  server downtime during peak usage periods,

                                   -3-    4

TrueLink will  take  all reasonable actions to  attempt  to  schedule  routine maintenance between the hours of  8:00 p.m.  to  5:00 a.m.  pacific standard time. e. Access. Client will have access to Interface usage statistics and raw log files in real time via the Interface. f. Backups. TrueLink will  backup  the Interface and all data files  associated  with it at least once  each day  and will  store  the backup materials in a safe, secure location, suitable for magnetic media, and not at





the same location as TrueLink's server. g. Internet Connection. TrueLink will  maintain  redundant connections to the Internet on diverse backbones. h. Domain Names. TrueLink shall  provide  assistance to Client in  securing  one or more domain names, sub-domain names or URL's associated therewith;  provided  that prior to TrueLink  providing  such assistance, Client shall  engage  in an appropriate trademark search reasonably satisfactory to TrueLink in order to  establish  that no domain name  proposed  by Client shall  infringe  upon the trademark, service mark, name, or logo of any third party. TrueLink will not be responsible for, or have any liability in connection with, the operation of the Web Site with respect to online commercial transactions, or for the transmission accuracy or completeness of any data or information to or from the Web Site or through the Interface by Client or Client's customers. i. Credit Bureau Information. TrueLink shall  transmit  such credit data to Client through the Interface as may be  permitted  under the Credit Repository Agreements and applicable law, each as in affect from time to  tome  , and in accordance with the certain Credit Bureau Agreement between TrueLink and Client  dated  of even date herewith. Subject to the foregoing, Client shall  order  TrueLink a credit report on each borrower for which an underwriting approval is  requested  through a System  using  the Interface. TrueLink  makes  no representation or warranty, and shall have no liability for the truth or completeness of any data so  transmitted  . 4. SUPPORT SERVICES. For a period of not less than ____  months  , TrueLink will  make  available to Client the services of at least one programmer  identified  by TrueLink and reasonably acceptable to Client to  provide  such Support Services as Client may reasonably  request  to TrueLink in  writing  for purposes of  permitting  Client to  use  the Interface in accordance with the License  granted  under Section 2 hereof and the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. 5. COMPENSATION. a. Client will  pay  TrueLink's fees for  requested  Hosting Services and Support Services pursuant to the schedule of charges set forth on Exhibits "A" and "B"  attached  hereto, (but not less than $____ per  month  for the Hosting Services and $____ per  month  for Support Services). For any other services  agreed  to between the parties, Client will  pay  TrueLink fees which will be  determined  by the parties and will  vary   depending  on the services  utilized  . TrueLink will  provide  Client with an invoice for the  requested  Hosting Services and Support Services and any other  agreed  -upon services on a  monthly  basis. Invoices will be  paid  within  15 days  of receipt. -4-    5

     6. DOCUMENTATION AND DISPUTES. Client will be  provided  upon request with documentation  supporting  the amount  charged  (other than the minimum  monthly  fees  listed  in Section 4) and will be  entitled  to  contest  any charge (other than the minimum  monthly  fees  listed  in Section 4),  provided  that Client timely  pays  all  contested  amounts. TrueLink  agrees  that the costs for any Hosting Services will not  increase  for a period of  one year  from the date of this Agreement and that rates  charged  for  Hosting  Services will not  exceed  that  charged  by TrueLink to any other party. 7. UNSOLICITED COMMERCIAL E-MAIL. Client shall not  engage  in the practice commonly  known  as " spamming  " pursuant to the rights  granted  hereunder. This  includes  but is not  limited  to, the  following  :  posting  an article or advertisement to more than ten (10) news groups, forums, e-mail mailings lists or other similar groups or lists; or  sending  unsolicited mass e-mailings to more than twenty-five (25) e-mail users, if such unsolicited e-mailings provoke complaint. 8. COVENANTS AND WARRANTIES OF CLIENT

             a. Compliance with Laws. Client will  comply  in all material respects with applicable state and federal consumer credit reporting, privacy and similar laws in connection with its use of the Interface. b. Notification. Client shall not  represent  that loan underwriting decisions  related  to loans  originated  by  using  the Interface are in any way  made  by TrueLink in  communicating  all loan approvals or denials in accordance with the foregoing. c. Limitation on Access. Client will  use  reasonable commercial efforts consistent with the protection of Client Proprietary Information to  restrict  access to the Interface to its officers, employees, and agents as may be  approved  by Client. d. Use of Credit Data during the  term  of this Agreement. Client hereby  grants  to TrueLink the nonexclusive worldwide right and  license  to  use  ,  distribute  ,  disseminate  , license, resell,  exploit  , upload, display,  copy  and  store  Credit Data subject to the limitations set forth in and in accordance with the Non-Competition Agreement. e. Representations of Client. Client  represents  and warrants: (a) Client is the owner, valid licensee, or  authorized  user of the Client Content, (b) to Client's actual knowledge the use of the Client Content shall not  infringe  the copyright, trade secret, trademark or other proprietary or intellectual property right of any third party, or  constitute  a definition,





invasion of privacy, or violation of any right of publicity or other third party right, (c) the Client Content complies in all material respects with applicable federal and state laws  regarding   posting  or  transmitting  data which is  threatening  , obscene, indecent, defamatory or in violation of report control was, and (d) to Client's actual knowledge Client Content shall be free at the time  provided  to TrueLink from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and any other malicious code. -5-    6

             f. Spamming. TrueLink reserves the right at any time to  implement  technical mechanisms to  prevent  Client  engaging  in illegal or obscene activity or in " spamming  ," TrueLink reserves all legal and equitable rights in  enforcing  this policy. 9. TRUELINK WARRANTIES. TrueLink  represents  and warrants that the Interface and all  related  software (i) is  designed  to be  used  before, on and after  January  l,  2000 ; (ii) will  operate  before, on and after  January 1, 2000 , in the processing of dates,  including  without limitation calculating,  comparing  , indexing and sequencing; and (iii) will successfully  transition  from  December 31, 1999 , to  January 1, 2000 , without human intervention. At Client's request, TrueLink will  provide  sufficient evidence to  demonstrate  adequate testing of the Interface and all  related  software to  meet  the foregoing requirements. Client will  provide  reasonable access to TrueLink  make  any repairs necessary to  comply  with this section and  make  any upgrades  specified  by TrueLink to so  comply  , all at TrueLink's sole cost and expense, to the extent such upgrades were not previously  requested  by Client pursuant to previously  requested  Hosting Services or Support Services as set forth herein. 10. CONFIDENTIALITY. a. Client  acknowledges  its responsibility to  preserve  the confidentiality of certain technology, information, and documentation  embedded  in the Interface and  agrees  to  respect  the confidential nature of the Interface.
