
Exhibit 10.11

DATED  26 September 2019 

BicycleTX Ltd

and

Nigel Crockett

___________________________________________________

SERVICE AGREEMENT

___________________________________________________





THIS AGREEMENT is  made  on  26 September 2019 

BETWEEN:

(1) BICYCLETX LIMITED a company  incorporated  under the laws of England and Wales (Company Number 11036101) whose  registered  office is at Building 900 Babraham Research Campus, Babraham, Cambridgeshire, CB22 3AT, United Kingdom (the "Company"); and

(2) NIGEL CROCKETT of (the ''Employee"). IT  IS  AGREED as  follows  :

1. COMMENCEMENT OF EMPLOYMENT

1.1 This Agreement shall  take  effect  26  September 2019  (the "Effective  Date  "). 1.2 Your employment shall  commence  on  26  September 2019  and shall  continue  unless and until either party  gives  notice to the other in accordance with paragraph 11 below. No employment with a previous employer is  deemed  to be continuous with your employment with the Company. 1.3 You  warrant  that by  entering  into this Agreement or any other arrangements with the Company you will not be in breach of or subject to any express or  implied  terms of any contract with, or other obligation to, any third party  binding  on you,  including  , without limitation, any notice period or the provisions of any restrictive covenants or confidentiality obligations  arising  out of any employment with any other employer or former employer. 1.4 You  warrant  that you have the right to  work  in the United Kingdom and you  agree  to  provide  to the Company copies of all relevant documents in this respect at the request of the Company. If at any time during the course of this Agreement you  cease  to have the right to  work  in the United Kingdom the Company may immediately  terminate  your employment without payment of compensation. 2. JOB TITLE

2.1 You shall  serve  as Chief Business Officer ("CBO")  reporting  to the CEO. The nature of the Company's business may  result  in changes  occurring  to the content of your role from time to time. You may also be  required  to  carry  out such additional or alternative tasks as may from time to time be reasonably  required  of you consistent with your executive level and job title,  provided  that these  do  not fundamentally  change  or  undermine  your position. 2.2 You shall faithfully and diligently  perform  such duties as you are  required  to  undertake  from time to time and exclusively  devote  the whole of your working time, skills, ability and attention to the business of the Company and  use  your best endeavours to  promote  the interests and reputation of the Company and (where applicable) any Group Company. 2.3 The Company may  require  you to  carry  out work for, or  become  a director or officer of, any Group Company at any time. 3. PLACE OF WORK

The Company's offices at Building 900, Babraham Research Campus, Babraham, Cambridge,

1

th

th





UK or such other location as the Company may reasonably  determine  . The CBO position may  require  extensive international travel on business. 4. REMUNERATION

4.1 Your salary will be USD370,000 per annum  paid   monthly  in arrears on or about the last  working   day  of  each month  (less statutory and voluntary deductions) ("Salary"). Salary will be  converted  to GBP and  paid  in GBP  based  on the USD/GBP Bank of England  daily  spot exchange rate applicable on the date of this Agreement, with the exchange rate being  revised   according  to the  prevailing  Bank of England  daily  spot exchange rate applicable on  1 January  of  each year . Your Salary will be  reviewed   annually  in accordance with the Company's practices from time to time (which is  expected  to be by the end of  the first quarter  of  each year ). You will be  notified  in writing of any changes to your Salary or benefits. 4.2 You  agree  that the Company may  deduct  from the Salary or any other sum due to you ( including  any pay in lieu of notice) any amounts due to the Company  including  , without limitation, any overpayment of salary, loan or advance. 4.3 For the purposes of this Agreement your  earned  salary shall mean the proportion of your Salary earned by and due to you in each calendar  year  of employment with the Company ("Earned Salary"). 4.4 Annual Performance Bonuses:

You will be eligible to  participate  in the Company's discretionary  annual  performance  related  bonus scheme to a maximum value of 35% of your Earned Salary in relation to your performance against  agreed   annual  corporate and personal performance objectives as set out below (the "Annual Performance Bonus"). That is, if the compensation committee (the "Compensation Committee") of the board of directors (the "Board") of the Company's parent company, Bicycle Therapeutics plc ("BTL")  determines  that you have  completed  all such corporate and personal objectives to its satisfaction in a  given   year  , your bonus would be 35% of your Earned Salary in that  year  ,  excluding  any other bonuses in this offer. Such bonus may be payable in cash or, in whole or in part, in share options in BTL, as  agreed  by you and the Compensation Committee  following  notification by you of your preference  at least 90 days  prior to the normal payment date (and in the case of share options with the appropriate HMRC valuation process (if  required  by the Compensation Committee) and Board approval so as to be compliant with BTL's share option plan rules), with due consideration for the operational requirements of the Company at that time in your role as CBO. Any Annual Performance Bonus  paid  will not be pensionable and are subject to statutory applicable tax and National Insurance deductions. Performance will be  assessed  by the Compensation Committee at the end of each calendar  year  , against  annual  corporate and personal performance objectives  agreed  between you and the Board at the start of each calendar  year  , with any such bonus being payable in  the first quarter  of  the  . Qualification for your Annual Performance Bonus will  following  year require  that you are  employed  by the Company (and have not  served  notice of termination of your employment to the Company) on  31 December  of the  year  to which your bonus entitlement  applies  . 2





4.5 Equity Incentives

BTL has  established  the Bicycle Therapeutics  2019  Share Option Plan (the "Option Plan"). On or as soon as practicable  following  the Effective  Date  , it is  intended  that you will be  granted  an option under the Option Plan to  acquire  107,417 ordinary shares in the capital of BTL ("Shares") ( representing  approximately 0.6% of the Company's  issued  share capital as at the Effective  Date  ). In addition, and conditional on completion of a transaction on terms set out below, you will be  granted  a second option under the Option Plan, such option being one of:

(a) an option to  acquire  44,757 Shares ( representing  approximately 0.25% of the Company's  issued  share capital as at the Effective  Date  )  granted  as soon as practicable  following  the completion of a transaction  approved  by the Board on terms which  include  an upfront payment of at least USD30,000,000 and per product downstream milestone payments of at least USD300,000,000; or

(b) an option to  acquire  22,378 Shares ( representing  approximately 0.125% of the Company's  issued  share capital as at the Effective  Date  )  granted  as soon as practicable  following  the completion of a transaction  approved  by the Board on terms which  include  an upfront payment of USD24,000,000 and per product downstream milestone payments of USD240,000,000; or

(c) an option to  acquire  such number of Shares ( falling  between 0.125% and 0.25% of the Company's  issued  share capital as at the Effective  Date  as the Board shall  determine  in its absolute discretion)  granted  as soon as practicable  following  completion of a transaction  approved  by the Board on terms which  include  an upfront payment greater than USD24,000,000 but less than USD 30,000,000, and per product downstream milestone payments greater than USD240,000,000 but less than USD 300,000,000. Any options  granted  under this paragraph 4.5 shall be subject to (i) the approval of the Board and/or the Compensation Committee; (ii) the rules of the Option Plan (as  amended  from time to time); and (iii) the terms of the option grant documentation which will be  provided  to you  following  such grant. 5 BENEFITS

5.1 The Company  currently   operates  a personal pension plan  provided  by Scottish Widows Group. The Company will  pay  a sum equivalent to 12 % of your basic  annual   earned  salary into a personal pension plan  selected  by the Company. You may  make  additional contributions if you  wish  , but this is not mandatory. In the event that you  elect  , of your own volition, to opt-out of the Company's pension scheme then the Company will  pay  you in equal  monthly  instalments in arrears (less statutory deductions) a sum equivalent to the contribution that it would have  made  into your pension scheme (the "Cash Equivalent Payment") less the Employer's National Insurance Contribution cost  incurred  by the Company as a result of  making  the Cash Equivalent Payment. 5.2 The Company  currently   operates  a private healthcare scheme and subject to acceptance by the insurer on reasonable terms, you will be  entitled  to  join  . 3





5.3 The Company  operates  a death in service scheme which you automatically  join  upon commencement of employment. 5.4 Further details  regarding  benefits will be  provided  upon commencement of your employment. The Company  reserves  the right to  replace  or  supplement  any or all of the scheme(s)  referred  to in this paragraph 5, or to  amend  them at any time without compensation,  provided  that equivalent scheme(s)  providing  a similar level of benefit are  put  in place. 6 EXPENSES

The Company shall  reimburse  all reasonable out of pocket expenses properly  incurred  by you in the performance of the duties under this Agreement  including  travelling, subsistence and entertainment expenses  provided  you  follow  the Company's guidelines/allowances in force at the relevant time and  provided  that you shall, where reasonably practicable,  provide  the Company with vouchers, invoices or such other evidence of such expenses as the Company may reasonably  require  . 7 HOURS OF WORK

7.1 Your normal working hours are  Monday  to  Friday  from 9.00 am to 5.30 pm on each  working   day  with  one hour  for lunch. You will be  required  to  work  such other hours as shall be reasonably necessary for you to  perform  your duties for which no further remuneration is payable. 7.2 By  entering  into this Agreement you  confirm  , that in your capacity as Chief Business Officer you may  choose  or  determine  the duration of your  working  time and the  working  time limits set out in part II of the Working Time Regulations  1998   do  not  apply  to you. 8 HOLIDAYS

8.1 In addition to the usual public holidays you will be  entitled  to 25 working  days   paid  holiday in each calendar  year  . The holiday will  accrue  on a pro rata basis throughout each calendar  year  . 8.2 Holidays may only be  taken  at such time or times as are  approved  beforehand by the CEO, such approval not to be unreasonably  withheld  or  delayed  . You must  give  reasonable notice of  proposed  holiday  dates  by e- mailing  the CEO or  delegated  director in advance, for approval. 8.3 The holiday  year   runs  from  January  to  December . With the agreement of the CEO, you may  carry  forward  up to 5 days  of untaken holiday into the next holiday  year  . Any  carried  over holiday must be  taken  by  the end of March  of the  following  calendar  year  or will be  forfeited  and no payment will be  made  in respect of any  days  so forfeited. You will not generally be  permitted  to  take   more than 10 days  holiday at any one time. 8.4 Upon termination of your employment you will  receive  pay in lieu of accrued but untaken holiday. The Company may  deduct  an appropriate sum in respect of  days   taken  in excess of your pro rata entitlement from your final remuneration on the basis that  one day 's holiday will be  calculated  as 1/260ths of your basic  annual  salary. 8.5 In the event that notice of termination of this Agreement is  served  by either party, the Company may  require  you to  take  any outstanding holiday during this notice period. 4





9 SICKNESS AND OTHER ABSENCE

9.1 If you are unable to  attend  at work by reason of sickness or injury or any unauthorised reason you must  inform  the Company  as soon as possible  on the first  day  of absence (and in any event not later than 11.00 am on the first  day  of absence) and, in the case of absence of uncertain duration, you must  keep  the Company regularly  informed  of your  continued  absence and your likely date of return. You are  expected  to  observe  this rule very strictly since failure to  do  so will  entitle  the Company to  stop  payment in respect of  each day  you  fail  to  notify  the Company. 9.2 If your absence, due to sickness or injury, is for less than seven (7)  days  , on your return to work you are  required  to immediately  complete  a self-certification form available from the Company. If your absence  continues  for more than seven (7) consecutive  days  (whether or not  working   days  ) you must  provide  the Company with a doctor's certificate from the seventh consecutive  day  of sickness or injury. This doctor's certificate must be  provided  to the Company promptly  following  the seventh consecutive  day  of absence. If illness  continues  after the expiry of the first certificate, further certificates must be  provided  promptly to  cover  the whole period of absence. 9.3 Subject to your compliance with the Company's sickness absence procedures (as  amended  from time to time), the Company may in its sole and absolute discretion  pay  full salary and contractual benefits during any period of absence due to sickness or injury for up to an aggregate of  3 months  in any fifty-two (52) week period (whether such absence is continuous or intermittent in any calendar  year  ). Such payment shall be inclusive of any statutory sick pay due in accordance with applicable legislation in force at the time of absence. The Company may, in its sole and absolute discretion,  extend  the period of allowance in an individual case if the circumstances so  justify  . Thereafter, the Company shall  pay  statutory sick pay or equivalent benefit to which you may be  entitled  subject to your compliance with the appropriate rules. 9.4 Whether absent from work or not, you may be, but only on reasonable grounds,  required  to  undergo  a medical examination by a Company doctor and your consent will be  sought  for a report to be  sent  to the Company. 9.5 The payment of sick pay in accordance with this paragraph 9 is without prejudice to the Company's right to  terminate  this Agreement prior to the expiry of your right to payments. 9.6 In the event you are incapable of  performing  your duties by reason of injuries  sustained  wholly or partly as a result of a third party's actions all payments  made  to you by the Company as salary or sick pay shall to the extent that compensation is recoverable from that third party constitute loans to you and shall be due and owing when and to the extent that you  recover  compensation for loss of earnings from the third party.
