
Exhibit 1.2

Up to 2,445,223 Shares

(subject to increase to up to 2,812,006 shares in the event of an increase in the pro forma market value of the Company's Common Stock)

Alliance Bancorp, Inc. of Pennsylvania (a federal stock  holding  company)

Common Stock (par value $.01 per share)

 AGENCY  AGREEMENT

 November  ___,  2006 

SANDLER O'NEILL & PARTNERS, L.P. 919 Third Avenue, 6  Floor New York, New York 10022

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Greater Delaware Valley Holdings, A Mutual Company, a Pennsylvania- chartered  mutual  holding  company (the "PA MHC"), Alliance Mutual Holding Company, a federal mutual savings and loan  holding  company in formation (the "Federal MHC"), Alliance Bancorp, Inc. of Pennsylvania, a federal stock  holding  company in formation (the "Company"), and Greater Delaware Valley Savings Bank d/b/a Alliance Bank, a Pennsylvania- chartered  stock savings bank (the "Bank"), hereby  confirm  their agreement with Sandler O'Neill & Partners, L.P. ("Sandler O'Neill" or the "Agent") with respect to the offer and sale by the Company of up to 2,445,223 shares (subject to increase to up to 2,812,006 shares in the event of an increase in the pro forma market value of the Company's common stock) of the Company's common stock, par value $.01 per share (the "Common Stock"). The shares of Common Stock to be  sold  by the Company in the Offerings (as  defined  below) are hereinafter  called  the "Securities."

The PA MHC and the Bank have  determined  to  undertake  a reorganization pursuant to which the Company will be  created  as a mid-tier  holding  company, the outstanding capital stock of the Bank will be  exchanged  for shares of the Common Stock, and the PA MHC will  convert  from a Pennsylvania- chartered  mutual  holding  company to a federally-chartered mutual  holding  company under the name Alliance Mutual Holding Company, all in accordance with the Agreement and Plan

1

th





of Reorganization,  dated  as of  June 21, 2006 , as may be  amended  from time to time pursuant to the terms thereof. Concurrently therewith, the Securities are being  offered  for sale in the Offerings (as  defined  below) in accordance with the Plan of Additional Stock Issuance  dated   June 21, 2006  as may be  amended  from time to time pursuant to the terms thereof. The Agreement and Plan of Reorganization and the Plan of Additional Stock Issuance are hereinafter  referred  to collectively as the "Plans." The PA MHC and Federal MHC are hereinafter  referred  to collectively as the "MHCs."

Pursuant to the Plans, the Company will  offer  to certain depositors of the Bank and to the Bank's tax  qualified  employee benefit plans,  including  the Bank's employee stock ownership plan (the "ESOP") (collectively, the "Employee Plans"), rights to  subscribe  for the Securities in a subscription offering (the "Subscription Offering"). To the extent Securities are not  subscribed  for in the Subscription Offering, such Securities may be  offered  to certain members of the general public and to other persons in a community offering (the "Community Offering"), with preference  given  first to natural persons and trusts of natural persons  residing  in Delaware and Chester Counties, Pennsylvania and then to the Bank's stockholders as of ___________,  2006 . The Community Offering, which together with the Subscription Offering, as  each may  be  extended  or  reopened  from time to time, is herein  referred  to as the "Subscription and Community Offering," may be  commenced  concurrently with, during or after, the Subscription Offering. It is  currently   anticipated  that any Securities not  subscribed  for in the Subscription and Community Offering will be  offered  , subject to Section 2 hereof, in a  syndicated  community offering (the "Syndicated Community Offering"). The Subscription and Community Offering and the Syndicated Community Offering are hereinafter  referred  to collectively as the "Offerings." The conversion of the PA MHC from a state- chartered  mutual  holding  company to a federally-chartered mutual  holding  company, the formation of the Company, the exchange of the capital stock of the Bank for capital stock of the Company and the Offerings are hereinafter  referred  to collectively as the "Reorganization and Additional Stock Issuance." As a result of the Reorganization and Additional Stock Issuance, the Bank, which is  currently  80.02%  owned  by the PA MHC, will  become  a wholly- owned  subsidiary of the Company and the Company will be 55%  owned  by the Federal MHC. The Securities may be  offered  to the general public in a public offering (the "Public Offering") in lieu of or subsequent to the Syndicated Community Offering. If there is a Public Offering, the Public Offering will be  governed  by a separate definitive purchase agreement as  described  in Section 2 hereof. It is  acknowledged  that the number of Securities to be  sold  in the Offerings may be  increased  or  decreased  in accordance with the Plans. If the number of Securities is  increased  or  decreased  , the  term  "Securities" shall mean such greater or lesser number, where applicable. In the event that a mid-tier  holding  company form of organization is not  utilized  , all pertinent terms of this Agreement will  apply  to the sale of the Bank's common stock. The Company has  filed  with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission") a registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-  136853 ),  including  a related prospectus, for the registration of the Securities under the Securities Act of  1933 , as  amended  (the "Securities Act"), has  filed  such amendments  thereto  , if any, and such  amended  prospectuses as may have been  required  to the date hereof by the Commission in order to  declare  such registration statement effective, and will  file  such additional amendments thereto and such  amended  prospectuses and prospectus supplements as may hereafter be  required  . Such registration statement (as  amended  to date, if applicable, and as from time to time  amended  or  supplemented  hereafter) and the prospectuses  constituting  a part thereof ( including  in each case all documents  incorporated  or  deemed  to be  incorporated  by reference

2





therein and the information, if any,  deemed  to be a part thereof pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Commission under the Securities Act, as from time to time  amended  or  supplemented  pursuant to the Securities Act or otherwise (the "Securities Act Regulations")), are hereinafter  referred  to as the "Registration Statement" and the "Prospectus," respectively, except that if any  revised  prospectus shall be  used  by the Company in connection with the Subscription and Community Offering or the Syndicated Community Offering which  differs  from the Prospectus on file at the Commission at the time the Registration Statement  becomes  effective (whether or not such  revised  prospectus is  required  to be  filed  by the Company pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act Regulations), the  term  "Prospectus" shall  refer  to such  revised  prospectus from and after the time it is first  provided  to the Agent for such use. Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, the Company is  delivering  to the Agent copies of the Prospectus of the Company to be  used  in the Offerings. Such Prospectus  contains  information with respect to the Bank, the Company, the MHCs and the Common Stock. SECTION 1. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. (a) The Company, the Bank and the MHCs jointly and severally  represent  and  warrant  to the Agent as of the date hereof as  follows  :

(i) The Registration Statement has been  declared  effective by the Commission, no stop order has been  issued  with respect thereto and no proceedings therefor have been  initiated  or, to the knowledge of the Company, the MHCs and the Bank,  threatened  by the Commission. At the time the Registration Statement  became  effective and at the Closing Time  referred  to in Section 2 hereof, the Registration Statement  complied  and will  comply  in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and  did  not and will not  contain  an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to  state  a material fact  required  to be  stated  therein or necessary to  make  the statements therein not misleading. The Prospectus, at the date hereof  does  not and at the Closing Time  referred  to in Section 2 hereof will not,  include  an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to  state  a material fact necessary in order to  make  the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were  made  , not misleading,  provided  , however, that the representations and warranties in this subsection shall not  apply  to statements in or omissions from the Registration Statement or Prospectus  made  in reliance upon and in conformity with information with respect to the Agent  furnished  to the Company in writing by the Agent expressly for use in the Registration Statement or Prospectus (the "Agent Information," which the Company, the MHCs and the Bank acknowledge  appears  only in the sixth paragraph of the section "The Offering - Plan of Distribution and Marketing Arrangements" of the Prospectus.)

(ii) At the time of  filing  the Registration Statement  relating  to the offering of the Securities and at the date hereof, the Company was not, and is not, an ineligible issuer, as  defined  in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Regulations. At the time of the filing of the Registration Statement and at the time of the use of any issuer free writing prospectus, as  defined  in Rule 433(h) of the Securities Act Regulations, the Company  met  the conditions  required  by Rules 164 and 433 of the Securities Act Regulations for the use of a free writing prospectus. If  required  to be  filed  , the Company has  filed  any issuer free writing

3





prospectus  related  to the  offered  Securities at the time it is  required  to be  filed  under Rule 433 of the Securities Act Regulations and, if not  required  to be  filed  , will  retain  such free writing prospectus in the Company's records pursuant to  Rule  433(g) of the Securities Act Regulations and if any issuer free writing prospectus is  used  after the date hereof in connection with the offering of the Securities the Company will  file  or  retain  such free writing prospectus as  required  by Rule 433 of the Securities Act Regulations. (iii) As of the Applicable Time, neither (i) the Issuer- Represented  General Free Writing Prospectus(es)  issued  at or prior to the Applicable Time and the Statutory Prospectus, all  considered  together (collectively, the "General Disclosure Package"), nor (ii) any individual Issuer- Represented  Limited-Use Free Writing Prospectus, when  considered  together with the General Disclosure Package,  included  any untrue statement of a material fact or  omitted  to  state  any material fact necessary in order to  make  the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were  made  , not  misleading  . The  preceding  sentence  does  not  apply  to statements in or omissions from any Prospectus  included  in the Registration Statement  relating  to the  offered  Securities or any Issuer- Represented  Free Writing Prospectus  based  upon and in conformity with  written  information  furnished  to the Company by the Agent specifically for use therein. As  used  in this paragraph and elsewhere in this Agreement:

1. "Applicable Time" means each and every date when a potential purchaser submitted a subscription or otherwise committed to purchase Securities. 2. "Statutory Prospectus", as of any time, means the Prospectus relating to the offered Securities that is included in the Registration Statement relating to the offered Securities immediately prior to that time, including any document incorporated by reference therein. 3. "Issuer- Represented  Free Writing Prospectus" means any "issuer free writing prospectus," as defined in Rule 433(h) of the Securities Act Regulations, relating to the offered Securities. The  term   does  not  include  any writing  exempted  from the definition of prospectus pursuant to clause (a) of Section 2(a)(10) of the  1933  Act, without regard to Rule 172 or Rule 173 of the Securities Act Regulations. 4. "Issuer- Represented  General Free Writing Prospectus" means any Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus that is intended for general distribution to prospective investors. 5. "Issuer- Represented  Limited- Use  Free Writing Prospectus" means any Issuer-Represented Free Writing Prospectus that is not an Issuer-Represented General Free Writing Prospectus. The  term  Issuer- Represented  Limited- Use Free Writing Prospectus also  includes  any "bona

4





fide electronic road show," as  defined  in Rule 433 of the Securities Act Regulations, that is  made  available without restriction pursuant to  Rule  433(d)(8)(ii) of the Securities Act Regulations or otherwise, even though not  required  to be  filed  with the Commission. (iv) Each Issuer- Represented  Free Writing Prospectus, as of its date of first use and at all subsequent times through the completion of the Offerings and sale of the  offered  Securities or until any earlier date that the Company  notified  or  notifies  the Agent (as  described  in the next sentence),  did  not,  does  not and will not  include  any information that  conflicted  , conflicts or will  conflict  with the information  contained  in the Registration Statement  relating  to the  offered  Securities,  including  any document  incorporated  by reference therein that has not been  superseded  or  modified  . If at any time  following  the date of first use of an Issuer- Represented  Free Writing Prospectus there  occurred  or  occurs  an event or development as a result of which such Issuer- Represented  Free Writing Prospectus  conflicted  or would  conflict  with the information  contained  in the Registration Statement  relating  to the  offered  Securities or  included  or would  include  an untrue statement of a material fact or  omitted  or would  omit  to  state  a material fact necessary in order to  make  the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances  prevailing  at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company has  notified  or will  notify  promptly the Agent so that any use of such Issuer- Represented  Free-Writing Prospectus may  cease  until it is  amended  or  supplemented  and the Company has promptly  amended  or will promptly  amend  or  supplement  such Issuer- Represented  Free Writing Prospectus to  eliminate  or  correct  such conflict, untrue statement or omission. The foregoing two sentences  do  not  apply  to statements in or omissions from any Issuer- Represented  Free Writing Prospectus  based  upon and in conformity with  written  information  furnished  to the Company by the Agent specifically for use therein. (v) The MHCs and the Company have  filed  with the Office of Thrift Supervision (the "OTS") an application for approval of their acquisition of the Bank (the "Holding Company Application") on Form H-(e)1  promulgated  under the savings and loan  holding  company provisions of the Home Owners' Loan Act, as  amended  ("HOLA") and the regulations  promulgated  thereunder. The Holding Company Application  includes  a proxy statement for the special meeting of stockholders of the Bank  called  to  approve  the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the "Proxy Statement"). The MHCs and the Company have  received   written  notice from the OTS of its approval of the Holding Company Application, such approval  remains  in full force and effect and no order has been  issued  by the OTS  suspending  or  revoking  such approval and no proceedings therefor have been  initiated  or  threatened  by the OTS. At the date of such approval and at the Closing Time  referred  to in Section 2, the Holding Company Application  complied  and will  comply  in all material respects with the applicable provisions of HOLA and the regulations  promulgated  thereunder. The Holding Company Application is truthful and accurate in all material respects.
