
[LOGO]

                                    EXHIBIT C

                                    AIRSOPURE                                FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT is  entered  into on this ____  day  of ___________,  2000 , by and between Airsopure International Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation whose principal place of business is  located  at 15400 Knoll Trail, Suite 200, Dallas, Texas 75248 (hereinafter "AIRSOPURE" or by reference "we", "us", "our"), and You:                                    ,     ------------------------------------ whose address is:

- ----------------------------------------

- ---------------------------------------- ( hereinafter  "You" or by reference "Franchisee", or "Your"). Either Party or both Parties respectively may be  referred  to as "Party" or "Parties."

                                    RECITALS

A. AIRSOPURE and its affiliate design,  manufacture  and  distribute  indoor air  cleaning  systems under the name and  mark  "AIRSOPURE" (the "Products"). B. AIRSOPURE has  developed  a system for the establishment, development and operation of sales centers ("AIRSOPURE Center(s)" or "Center(s)") for the sale and servicing of AIRSOPURE's exclusive line of Products  using  the service mark "AIRSOPURE" and other trademarks, service marks ( including  but not  limited  to, "The Essence of Clean Air"), logos and  identifying  features  designated  from time to time by AIRSOPURE (the "Licensed Marks") and  using  AIRSOPURE's distinctive methods for  establishing  and  operating  AIRSOPURE Centers. C. You  desire  to  establish  an AIRSOPURE Center to be  located  in the  following  geographic area:

- ----------------------------------------

- ----------------------------------------

(the "Exclusive Territory"), and AIRSOPURE desires to  grant  You the right to  operate  an AIRSOPURE Center at such location under the terms and conditions  contained  in this Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual rights, covenants and obligations set forth herein, the Parties  agree  as  follows  :

1. GRANT OF FRANCHISE

1.01. AIRSOPURE grants to You, and You  accept  from AIRSOPURE, the right and license to  operate  an AIRSOPURE Center (or the "Franchise") for the sale or lease of AIRSOPURE's exclusive line of Products or at a location in the Exclusive Territory to be  approved  in writing by AIRSOPURE and  listed  in  attached  Exhibit A (the "Exclusive Territory and Center Location"), to  purchase  Products from AIRSOPURE or its affiliates for resale at the Center to customers in the Exclusive Territory, and to  use  the Licensed Marks only in connection with the operation of the Franchise in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. AIRSOPURE  grants  the Franchise to You  hereunder  in reliance upon Your agreement to at all times  operate  and  manage  the Franchise faithfully, honestly and diligently in strict conformance with AIRSOPURE's operating procedures and specifications, as set forth herein and as otherwise from time to time  communicated  to You,  using  Your best efforts to  promote  and  enhance  the performance and operation of the Franchise. 1.02. AIRSOPURE hereby  grants  to You the exclusive right to  solicit  customers for the Products by direct mail advertising, or other  approved  means, but not including the World Wide Web (Internet) nor by printed catalogues, in

                                       1

the Exclusive Territory  described  above and in Exhibit A. Other AIRSOPURE franchisees will not be  permitted  to  solicit  customers for Products by  advertising  in Your Exclusive Territory. Likewise, You may not  target  or  solicit  customers for Products by  advertising  in other Franchisees respective Exclusive Territories. Exclusive Territories will not  overlap  into other Exclusive Territories. You shall not purposely  solicit  sales and service to customers  located  outside Your Exclusive Territory,  provided  such activity in not within an  assigned  Exclusive Territory. You have been  granted  an exclusive trade area by this Agreement. 2. TERM AND RENEWAL

2.01. The  term  of this Agreement shall be for  10 years   commencing  on the date of execution of this Agreement by AIRSOPURE. 2.02. At the expiration of the  term  or any renewal  term  hereof, You may, at its option,  renew  the Franchise  granted  hereunder for 2 additional terms of  10 years  each on the  following  terms and conditions:





A. You shall  give  AIRSOPURE notice in writing of Your election to  renew  this Agreement  at least 3 months  prior to the expiration of the then- current   term  . B. You shall not be in default of any provision of this Agreement or amendment hereto,  including  without limitation all payment obligations to AIRSOPURE and its affiliates. C. As a condition of renewal of the Franchise, You  agree  to  execute  AIRSOPURE's then- current  form of franchise agreement and to  comply  fully with all terms and conditions thereof, and to  pay  AIRSOPURE the then- current  renewal fee, which is presently $1,000.00. You  understand  that AIRSOPURE may  revise  its franchise agreement for any renewal  term  , at AIRSOPURE's sole discretion,  including  without limitation to  increase  the royalty fees or other fees payable by You or to  require  other obligations of franchisees. D. You shall  meet  AIRSOPURE's then- current  qualifications and training requirements. E. You shall  execute  a general release in a form  prescribed  by AIRSOPURE  releasing  AIRSOPURE and its affiliates, directors, officers, employees and agents from all known and unknown claims and liabilities to the extent  permitted  by state and federal law. F. You may be  required  , at AIRSOPURE's sole discretion, to  upgrade  or  remodel  Your AIRSOPURE Center to  conform  to AIRSOPURE's then- current  specifications and standards as  specified  in AIRSOPURE's Operating Manual of otherwise in writing,  provided  such upgrade or remodel is reasonable in terms of cost and implementation schedule. 3. FEES

3.01. In consideration of the Franchise rights and license  granted  herein, You  agree  to  pay  to  AIRSOPURE  the  following  fees:

A. You shall  pay  to  AIRSOPURE  an initial franchise fee of $25,000.00 upon execution of this Agreement. You  agree  that the initial franchise fee  represents  payment for the initial grant of the Franchise rights and license  granted  herein, shall be fully  earned  upon execution of this Agreement, and the  said  fee will not be  refunded  under any circumstances unless otherwise specifically set forth herein. You must  find  a suitable Center site within  90 days  of  signing  the Franchise Agreement, unless we mutually  agree  otherwise. If we cannot  agree  on a Center location, within  4 months , we may a)  extend  your search time, b)  exchange  your territory, or c)  terminate  your Franchise and  refund  up to 70% of your Franchise Fee, at our sole discretion. There are no refunds under any other circumstances. B. You shall  pay  to  AIRSOPURE  a  continuing  non-refundable royalty fee on a  monthly  basis of

                                       2

5% of Your total  monthly  gross sales, as  defined  below. This fee is due by the 7th of the  month  for the  preceding   month  . C. You shall  account  to AIRSOPURE for Your  continuing  non-refundable local advertising fee of 2% of Your total  monthly  gross sales, which You must  spend  on the promotion of Your Center. This accounting is due by the 7th of the  month  for the  preceding   month  . D. You shall  pay  to  AIRSOPURE  a  continuing  non-refundable Advertising Fund fee of 2% of Your total  monthly  gross sales,  beginning   January 1, 2001 , or later at our sole option, as  described  in Section 10 hereof. This fee will be due by the 7th of the  month  for the  preceding   month  . E. "Gross sales" as  used  in this Section 3.01 shall mean the amount of gross revenues received by You from all sources, including without limitation sales of Products, services or other merchandise of every kind or nature from, at or in connection with the operation of the AIRSOPURE Center granted herein, excluding state, federal or local sales taxes collected from customers and paid to the appropriate taxing authority. F. Fees payable under Paragraphs 3.01.B and 3.01.D above shall be due and payable  monthly  by the seventh  day  of  each month ,  based  on Your gross sales of  the previous month . Delinquent fees shall  bear  interest at a rate of the lower of: (i) one and one-half percent (1.5%) per  month  , or (ii) the maximum rate  permitted  by applicable law. 4. DUTIES OF AIRSOPURE

4.01. Prior to the opening of the Franchise, AIRSOPURE shall:

A.  Following  receipt in  writing  from You of a request for approval of at least 3 possible locations as the Authorized Location for the Franchise, AIRSOPURE will promptly  evaluate  such locations and  notify  You in writing of its approval or rejection of such location(s) within 7 working  days  . B.  Provide  You with AIRSOPURE's specifications and requirements or other assistance  deemed  necessary by AIRSOPURE to  assist  You in  opening  the Center. C. Provide an initial training program for 2 people to be  designated  by You as  described  in AIRSOPURE's Operations Manual. D. Provide one copy, on loan to You, of AIRSOPURE's Operations Manual as  described  in Section 8 hereof for use solely in connection with operation of the





AIRSOPURE Center  granted  hereunder. E.  Sell  to You an  opening  order of Products for resale or lease at the Franchise as  described  in Paragraph 6.01 below. 4.02.  Following  the opening of the Franchise, AIRSOPURE shall:

A.  Provide   daily  consultation by telephone as reasonably  requested  by You during the first  two weeks  of operation of the AIRSOPURE Center Franchise. B. Provide  continuing  general advisory assistance as  deemed  necessary by AIRSOPURE  regarding  the operation and advertising of the Franchise. C. Provide updates, revisions and amendments to the AIRSOPURE Operating Manual and system as AIRSOPURE may from time to time deem necessary or desirable. D. Fill Your orders for Products for resale at the Franchise in accordance with Section 6 below. E. Provide training programs or seminars as AIRSOPURE may, from time to time in its sole discretion,  deem  appropriate. AIRSOPURE's training programs for franchisees is  described  in AIRSOPURE's Operations Manual, and is subject to change at any time in AIRSOPURE's sole

                                       3

discretion. F. AIRSOPURE may, from time to time at its sole discretion,  provide  test customers or store visits by AIRSOPURE representatives to  evaluate  Your methods of operation and compliance with AIRSOPURE's standards and specifications. 5. YOUR DUTIES

5.01. You shall: A. You must  find  a suitable Center site within  90 days  of  signing  the Franchise Agreement, unless we mutually  agree  otherwise, and  attend  (or if You are a corporation, Your majority shareholder will  attend  or Your Operating Principal or manager and one other employee) and successfully complete to AIRSOPURE's reasonable satisfaction AIRSOPURE's initial training program within 90 DAYS  following  execution of this Agreement. B.  Obtain  all federal, state and local business licenses, permits, certifications and bonds  required  for lawful operation of the Franchise and  certify  in writing to AIRSOPURE prior to  opening  that all such requirements have been  obtained  . C. Attend (with Your manager) and complete to AIRSOPURE's reasonable satisfaction such  continuing  training or educational programs as AIRSOPURE may from time to time  require  in writing. AIRSOPURE will not  charge  You for the training programs, but You shall be responsible for the costs of meals, lodging, travel and all other expenses  incurred  by You or Your employees in  attending  such programs. D. Actively  promote  AIRSOPURE's Products and services and  exert  Your best efforts to fully  develop  and  maximize  the market for AIRSOPURE's Products and services in Your Exclusive Territory. E. Devote Your full time (or if You are a corporation,  designate  a manager) to  oversee  the management and operation of the Center. F. Purchase and  maintain  and adequate supply for use in connection with the operation of the Franchise Business various  copyrighted  materials and forms which are the proprietary property of AIRSOPURE and which are an integral part of AIRSOPURE's system  franchised  hereunder. Other supplies and equipment necessary for operation of the Center may be  purchased  from third Party suppliers who  meet  AIRSOPURE's standards and specifications and have been  approved  in writing by AIRSOPURE in accordance with the procedures set forth in AIRSOPURE's Operating Manual, which may be  amended  from time to time by AIRSOPURE at its sole discretion. G. Purchase Products from AIRSOPURE for resale to customers in the Exclusive Territory in accordance with Section 6 below. H. Comply with all federal, state and local health and safety laws, rules and standards applicable to operation of the Franchise. You will  forward  copies of all notices of non-compliance by the Franchise with any law, rule, regulation or ordinance to AIRSOPURE within  three days  from receipt thereof  accompanied  by a summary of action You will  take  to  comply  . I. Maintain adequate working capital to  operate  the Franchise in accordance with the AIRSOPURE Operations Manual, as such may be  amended  by AIRSOPURE from time to time. J. Operate the Franchise in strict conformance with AIRSOPURE's policies, procedures, standards and specifications as may be  prescribed  by AIRSOPURE from time to time in the Operations Manual or otherwise in writing,  including  without limitation all changes  specified  by AIRSOPURE to its system or Products. . K. Display AIRSOPURE's Licensed Marks or logos on all marketing materials and at Your AIRSOPURE Center. AIRSOPURE  reserves  the

                                       4





right to  alter  or  change  its Licensed Marks, logos or trade dress at any time, and You  agree  to  use  such Licensed Marks, logos or trade dress as  specified  from time to time by AIRSOPURE promptly upon receipt of notice in  writing  from AIRSOPURE. L. Maintain and  supply  to third Parties upon request information to be  supplied  by AIRSOPURE  regarding  the availability of franchises. M. Provide AIRSOPURE and its representatives with unlimited access to FRANCHISEE'S offices or its AIRSOPURE Center (personal residence  excluded  ),  including  Your books, computer system (for sales and products only, unless we are  auditing  You) and records of the Franchise, during normal business hours for purposes of  conducting  inspections to fully  examine  and  evaluate  Your methods of  doing  business,  including  interviews with Your employees and customers. N. You  acknowledge  and  agree  that such inspections and evaluations are necessary for AIRSOPURE to  insure  the maintenance of its quality standards, and You  agree  to fully  cooperate  with any reasonable request by AIRSOPURE in connection with such inspections and evaluations. O. Diligently and immediately  take  such steps as are  deemed  reasonably necessary by AIRSOPURE to  correct  any deficiencies  detected  by AIRSOPURE in Your adherence to AIRSOPURE's operating policies, procedures, standards and specifications. P. In the event You are a corporation,  comply  with the  following  :

1. You will  provide  in Your Articles of Incorporation that Your sole corporate purpose is the operation of the Franchise. 2. Every certificate for shares of stock in the corporation will  include  the  following  legend  printed  thereon if sole purpose of the corporation is to  own  and  operate  franchised business:

"THE TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR ASSIGNMENT OF THE SHARES  REPRESENTED  BY THIS CERTIFICATE  IS  SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND RESTRICTIONS CONTAINED IN A FRANCHISE AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE HOLDER OF THESE SHARES AND AIRSOPURE FRANCHISE GROUP, INC."

3. You  agree  to  comply  with the restrictions on transfer of ownership of the corporation set forth in Section 12.02 below. 4. You will  provide  AIRSOPURE, prior to the opening of the Franchise, with copies of Your Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws and other  governing  documents,  including  all amendments  thereto  , and a copy of the resolutions by Your Board of Directors  authorizing  execution of this Agreement,  certified  by the Secretary of the corporation. 5. You will  provide  AIRSOPURE with a  current  list of shareholders and will  update  such list from time to time as the list  changes  . 6.
