
Exhibit 10.27

                          e-business Hosting Agreement

                                     between

                                  Bluefly, Inc. and

                   International Business Machines Corporation

                                        1

                          e-business Hosting Agreement

Under this e-business Hosting Agreement ("Agreement") between International Business Machines Corporation ("IBM") and Bluefly, Inc. ("Customer"), IBM will  provide  Web  hosting  and related services ("Services") to Customer. The Agreement  includes  these terms and conditions and the documents  referenced  herein ("Base Terms"), e-business  hosting  services order forms  accepted  by IBM ("Order Forms"), and the  following  attachments:

a. Attachment A: Facilities Services;

b. Service Option Attachment for Facilities Services; and

c. all other applicable attachments  referenced  in the Order Forms for       Services options  selected  by Customer ("Service Option Attachments"). In the event of a conflict between the Base Terms and an attachment, the Base Terms will  govern  , except where an attachment or a provision  contained  therein expressly  states  that it will  govern  over the Base Terms. The Base Terms and the attachments always  govern  over any inconsistent provision in an Order Form. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 1.0   Definitions

a. "Acceptable Use Policy" means the Acceptable Use Policy for IBM e-business       Services, located on the Internet at http://www.ibm.com/services/       e-business/aup.html, as of the Effective  Date  , and any subsequent       modification in accordance with Section 13.2 below. b. "Affiliates" means entities that control, are controlled by, or are under       common control with a party to this Agreement. c. "Base Components" means the hardware and software that IBM makes       available, if any, as specified in Order Forms and associated Service       Option Attachments. d. "Content" means information, software, and data that Customer provides,       including, without limitation, any hypertext markup language files,       scripts, programs, recordings, sound, music, graphics, images, applets or       servlets that Customer or its Subcontractors or Services Recipients       create, install, upload or transfer in or through the e-business Hosting       Environment and/or Customer Components. e. "Content Administrator" means an employee or Subcontractor of Customer who       is authorized by Customer to install, upload and/or maintain Content using       a User Identification. f. "Customer Components" means the hardware, software and other products,       data and Content that Customer provides, including those specified in       Service Option Attachments. g. "e-business Hosting Environment" means the Base Components and the IBM       provided Internet access bandwidth, collectively. h. "Enterprise" means any legal entity and the subsidiaries it owns by more       than 50 percent. The  term  "Enterprise"  applies  only to the portion of the       Enterprise physically  located  within the United States of America. i. "IBM e-business Hosting Center" means the facility used by IBM to provide       the Services. j. "Internet" means the public worldwide network of TCP/IP-based networks. k. "Materials" means literary or other works of authorship (such as programs,       program listings, programming tools, documentation, reports, drawings and       similar works) that IBM may deliver to Customer. "Materials"  does  not        include  licensed program products available under their own license       agreements or Base Components. l. "Required Consents" means any consents or approvals required to give IBM       and its Subcontractors the right or license to access, use and/or modify       in electronic form and in other forms, including derivative works, the       Customer Components, without infringing the ownership or intellectual       property rights of the providers, licensors, or owners of such Customer       Components. m. "Service Option Ready  Date  " means the date that IBM has notified Customer       that IBM has completed the implementation activities





                                       2

       specified  in an applicable Service Option Attachment. n. "Services Recipients" means any entities or individuals receiving or using       the Services, or the results or products of the Services. o. "Service Option Attachment  Start   Date  " means the  day  after the date of the       last signature on an Order Form authorizing the Services under an       applicable Service Option Attachment. p. "Subcontractor" means a contractor, vendor, agent, or consultant selected       and retained by IBM or Customer, respectively. q. "TCP/IP" means Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol. r. "User Identification" or "ID" means a string of characters that uniquely       identifies a Content Administrator. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 2.0   IBM Services Responsibilities

IBM will  perform  the Services  described  in Attachment A and applicable Service Option Attachments. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 3.0    Term  and Termination

3.1    Term  

This Agreement will be effective beginning on  12:01 a.m. , Eastern Time, on the  day  after the date of last signature to these Base Terms ("Effective  Date  ") and  ending  on the expiration and/or termination of all Service Option Attachments, unless the Agreement is  terminated  earlier in accordance with the terms herein. The  term  of each Service Option Attachment is as  specified  on the applicable Order Form. 3.2   Renewal

Each Service Option Attachment will  renew  automatically for an additional  term  equal in duration to the previous  term  of the applicable Service Option Attachment unless either party  notifies  the other party in  writing  at least ninety (90)  days  prior to the end of the then- current   term  for the applicable Service Option Attachment that it has  elected  to  terminate  such Service Option Attachment. 3.3   Termination for Cause

Customer or IBM may  terminate  this Agreement for material breach of this Agreement by the other upon  written  notice  containing  the specific nature and dates of the material breach. The  breaching  party will have thirty (30)  days  from receipt of notice to  cure  such breach, except for nonpayment by Customer, which must be  cured  within seven (7) business  days  from receipt of notice. If such breach has not been timely  cured  , then the non- breaching  party may immediately  terminate  this Agreement upon written notice;  provided  , however, it is  understood  that in the event IBM has so  breached  this Agreement IBM shall not be  entitled  to  recover  the early termination charges  described  in Section 3.4(b) below. 3.4   Termination for Convenience

Customer may  terminate  this Agreement ( including  all Service Option Attachments) or any Service Option Attachment (with the exception of any Service Option Attachment that is a prerequisite for the provision of Services under a non- terminated  Service Option Attachment) for convenience at the end of any calendar  month  by:

a.  providing   at least one month 's prior  written  notice to IBM; and

b.  paying  the applicable early termination charges, if any,  specified  in       Attachment A and applicable Service Option Attachments. In the event that Customer  exercises  its rights under this Section 3.4, IBM shall  continue  to  fulfill  all of its duties and obligations  following  the notice date and until the final termination date. 3.5   Effect of&sbsp;Termination

Upon the date of termination, all Customer payment obligations  accrued  hereunder through the date of termination will  become  due and payable. The termination of  selected  Service Option Attachments will not  affect  Customer's obligation to  pay  charges under other Service Option Attachments. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 4.0   Charges and Payment

4.1   Charges

Charges for applicable Services will be  specified  in Service Option Attachments and Order Forms. Charges can be  specified  as one-time, installment,  recurring  , or usage. IBM will  invoice  such Charges when they  begin  or are due as set forth in Service Option Attachments. 4.2   Payment

IBM invoices will  specify  the amount due. Payment is due upon receipt and payable as  specified  in such invoice. Customer  agrees  to  pay  accordingly,  including  any late payment fees. Payment will be  made  in United States dollars. 4.3   Taxes

                                       3

Customer will  pay  or  provide  appropriate exemption documentation for all taxes, duties, levies, and any other fees (except for taxes  based  upon IBM's net income)  related  to the Services  imposed  by any governmental authorities. Charges  specified  herein ( including  in an Order Form) are exclusive of any such taxes, duties, levies or fees. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 5.0   Warranties and Disclaimers

5.1   IBM Representations and Warranties

IBM  represents  and warrants that:

a. it will  perform  the Services  using  reasonable care and skill and in       accordance with the applicable Service Option Attachments (which means the       degree of knowledge, skill and judgment customarily exercised by members       of the applicable profession with respect to work of a similar nature);       and that it will provide Customer with competent, fully trained, fully       qualified and responsible personnel to perform the Services; and

b. it has the requisite corporate power and authority to  execute  ,  deliver  and        perform  its obligations under this Agreement. IBM  covenants  that it will  comply  with the laws applicable to IBM's business. 5.2   Exclusivity of Warranties

THE WARRANTIES IN SECTION 5.1  ARE  THE EXCLUSIVE WARRANTIES FROM IBM. THEY  REPLACE  ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED  WARRANTIES  OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 5.3   Security

a. Customer  acknowledges  that IBM  does  not  control  the transfer of data over       telecommunications facilities,  including  the Internet. b. Subject to the other disclaimers  contained  herein, IBM will  implement  the       security  features   specified  herein,  including  the IBM  perform  security       obligations  identified  in Section 8.0 of the Facilities Services Service       Option Attachment. However, IBM  does  not  warrant  secure operation of the       Services or that it will be able to  prevent  third party disruptions of the       e-business Hosting Environment or Customer Components. c. Customer  acknowledges  that IBM  offers  numerous security options,  specified        in Service Option Attachments. Customer is responsible for  selecting  on       Order Forms the set of security options that it  determines   meet  Customer's       needs. d. Customer  agrees  that IBM shall have no liability for any provision of       security- related  services or advice that IBM may voluntarily  provide        outside the scope of  selected  Service Option Attachments. 5.4   Other Disclaimers

a. IBM  does  not  warrant  uninterrupted or error-free operation of any Service       or that IBM will  correct  all defects. open

b. IBM  does  not  make  any representation or warranty as to the capacity,       performance or scalability of the Services, e-business Hosting       Environment, or Customer Components. c. IBM PROVIDES ALL MATERIALS AND ALL NON-IBM SERVICES, PRODUCTS, DATA,       APPARATUS AND SOFTWARE "AS  IS  ", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING,       WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED  WARRANTIES  OF MERCHANTABILITY,       SATISFACTORY QUALITY, AND FITNESS FOR&sbsp;A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Non-IBM       suppliers may  provide  their own warranties to you. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 6.0 Confidentiality

All information  exchanged  between the parties is non-confidential;  provided  , however if either or both parties  require  the exchange of confidential information, such information will be  exchanged  under the terms and conditions of the Agreement for Exchange of Confidential Information  executed  by IBM on  August 3, 2001  (the "AECI") (it being further  agreed  as  follows  : (a) the AECI is hereby  modified  so that any information that is  disclosed  by a party hereto that a reasonable person would  construe  ,  based  upon the nature of the information and the circumstances  surrounding  the disclosure, as  intended  to be confidential shalll be  deemed  to be confidential Information under the AECI and shall be  accorded  all protections of the AECI and (b) after the date  hereof  the parties hereto shall  enter  into a modification of the AECI whereby the provisions of (a) immediately above are  documented  and (c) the parties shall also  amend  the AECI so as to  reflect  the following agreement: in the event that a breach or





 threatened  breach of a party's obligations hereunder shall  cause  irreparable harm wherein a remedy at law would

                                       4

 prove  inadequate, the aggrieved party shall have the right to  seek  and  obtain  an injunction so as to  prevent  any further disclosure of the confidential Information. With respect to any confidential information  contained  in or  traveling  through the e-business Hosting Environment or Customer Components, the provisions of Sections 5, 9, and 10 herein will  prevail  to the extent of any inconsistent provisions in the confidentiality agreement. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 7.0   Materials

a. IBM will  specify  Materials to be  delivered  to Customer. IBM will  identify        them as being "Type I Materials," "Type II Materials," or otherwise as       Customer and IBM  agree  in writing. If not  specified  , Materials will be        considered  Type II Materials. b. Type I Materials are those,  created  during the Service performance period,       in which Customer will have all right, title, and interest ( including        ownership of copyright). IBM will  retain  one copy of the Materials. Customer grants to IBM:

      1. an irrevocable, nonexclusive, worldwide,  paid  -up license to  use  ,             execute,  reproduce  ,  display  ,  perform  ,  distribute  (internally and             externally) copies of, and  prepare  derivative works  based  on Type I             Materials; and       2. the right to  authorize  others to  do  any of the same. c. Type II Materials are those,  created  during the Service performance period       or otherwise (such as those that  preexist  the Service), in which IBM or       third parties have all right, title, and interest ( including  ownership of       copyright). IBM will  deliver  one copy of the  specified  Materials to       Customer. IBM  grants  Customer an irrevocable, nonexclusive, worldwide,        paid  -up license to  use  ,  execute  ,  reproduce  ,  display  ,  perform  , and       distribute, within Customer's Enterprise only, copies of Type II       Materials. d. The parties  agree  to  reproduce  the copyright notice and any other legend       of ownership on any copies  made  under the licenses  granted  in this Section       7. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 8.0   Indemnification

8.1   Indemnification by IBM

If a third party  claims  or  threatens  a claim that Materials or Base Components IBM  provides  to Customer or  uses  in connection with the performance of the Services  infringe  that party's patent, trademark, copyright, or trade secret, then IBM will  indemnify  ,  defend  and  hold  harmless the Customer, its Enterprise and their respective employees, officers, agents and directors against that claim or threatened claim at IBM's expense and  pay  all costs, damages, penalties and reasonable attorneys' fees that a court finally  awards  in connection with that claim (or which IBM&sbsp;agrees in any final settlement)  provided  that Customer:

a. promptly  notifies  IBM in writing of the claim; and

b.  allows  IBM to  control  , and cooperates with IBM in, the defense and any        related  settlement negotiations (it being  understood  and  agreed  that if       Customer  incurs  any costs in connection with such cooperation, over and       above nominal costs, IBM shall  reimburse  Customer therefor, such costs to       potentially  include  , without limitation, the costs  incurred  by Customer in       connection with depositions, responses to interrogatories, or testimony at       trial or any similar proceeding, and travel costs in connection therewith;        provided  , however, such obligation of IBM as set forth in this       parenthetical is  conditioned  upon Customer first  obtaining  IBM's consent       to the incurring of such costs, such consent to be reasonably  granted  ). If       such a claim is  made  or  appears  likely to be  made  , Customer  agrees  to       permit IBM to  enable  Customer to  continue  to  use  the Materials or Base       Components, or to  modify  them, or  replace  them with non-infringing       Materials or Base Components that are at least functionally equivalent. If       IBM  determines  that none of these alternatives is reasonably available,       Customer  agrees  to  return  the Materials or Base Components (if in       Customer's possession) to IBM on IBM's  written  request. IBM will  give        Customer a credit equal to the amount Customer  paid  IBM for the applicable       Materials or for use of the applicable Base Components up to a maximum of       twelve (12)  months  of applicable charges. This is IBM's entire obligation       to Customer with regard to any claim of infringement. Notwithstanding the       foregoing, IBM is not responsible for third party claims  based  on:

      1. anything Customer  provides  which is  incorporated  into the Materials;

      2. Customer's modification of the Materials;

                                       5

      3. the combination, operation, or use of the Materials with any             product, data, or apparatus that IBM  did  not  provide  ; or





      4. non-IBM hardware, software, or data,  including  those that may be in             the Base Components. 8.2   Indemnification by Customer

a.
