
EXHIBIT 10.18

CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL  INFORMATION  CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED WITH "[***]",  HAS   BEEN   EXCLUDED  BECAUSE IT  IS  NOT MATERIAL AND WOULD  BE  COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. MASTER SUPPLY AGREEMENT

THIS MASTER SUPPLY AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is  made  as of  31 October 2019  ("Effective  Date  ") by and between Premier Nutrition Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company with its headquarters  located  at  1222  67th Street, Suite 210, Emeryville, CA 94608 ("Buyer" or "PNC"), and Fonterra (USA) Inc., a California corporation with its principal place of business  located  at 8700 W. Bryn Mawr Avenue, Suite 500N, Chicago, IL 60631 ("Supplier" or "Fonterra") (each a "Party", collectively "Parties"). WHEREAS PNC  produces  , distributes, markets and  sells  products  including  ready to  drink  protein shakes and beverages, powdered protein shakes, nutrition bars, and dietary supplements (the "Finished Products"); and

WHEREAS Supplier  produces  raw materials  including  protein powders  used  by PNC to  produce  at least some of the Finished Products;

NOW THEREFORE in consideration of their respective rights and obligations as set forth in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the adequacy and receipt of which are  acknowledged  , PNC and Supplier  agree  as  follows  :

1 Supply of Ingredients

1.1 Supplier will  provide  such materials to PNC or its Third Party Manufacturers ("TPMs") as are  specified  in any Master Purchase Commitment or any other purchase orders that the Parties may  execute  from time to time during the  term  of this Agreement ("Ingredients"). Ingredients will be  produced  at Supplier's facilities  listed  in a Master Purchase Commitment, or any other of Supplier's facilities  approved  in advance, in writing by PNC. 1.2 PNC or its TPMs will  place  specific orders for Ingredients from Supplier by  issuing  a purchase order that  specifies  , at minimum, the item, quantities, price, delivery  dates  , and delivery and payment terms (each a "Purchase Order"). 1.3 PNC and Supplier may  enter  certain Master Purchase Commitments from time to time during the  Term  of this Master Supply Agreement. Such Master Purchase Commitments and any Purchase Orders  issued  against such Commitments shall be subject exclusively to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. In the event the terms of any Master Purchase Commitment conflicts with the terms of this Agreement, the terms of the Master Purchase Commitment shall  control  . 1.4 Supplier will  receive  Purchase Orders by telephone, USPS, overnight courier, email, and fax transmission,  Monday  through  Friday  except on state or nationally  recognized  bank holidays. Purchase Orders not  received  by  3:00 p.m.  Eastern Time are  considered  to be  received  on the  following  

Page 1





business  day  . Supplier will  confirm  or  reject  Purchase Orders within [***] of receipt of the Purchase Order. Orders not  rejected  in writing within such time will be  deemed   confirmed  and  accepted  by Supplier. Each Purchase Order  issued  by PNC or its TPMs and  accepted  by Supplier shall be  governed  by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Additional terms  included  in acknowledgments, standard terms and conditions, or any other documents or communications  exchanged  by the Parties in connection with the sale or purchase of any Ingredients shall be void and of no force or effect. The Parties may only  modify  ,  add  to or  amend  any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement by a writing  signed  by authorized representatives of both Parties. 1.5 Supplier  represents  and warrants that at the time and date of delivery, the Ingredients will  comply  with all specifications ("Specifications"), a copy of which will be  attached  to the relevant Master Purchase Commitment or Purchase Order accordingly. A Specification may be  updated  from time to time by PNC in its sole discretion,  provided  PNC  provides  Supplier with reasonable prior notice on any updates ("Change Notification"). Within [***] from receipt of the Change Notification, Supplier will either: (1)  accept  the Specification change at the  current  price and terms; or (2)  submit  to PNC a proposal ("Proposal")  setting  forth the conditions of acceptance that may  include  a change in price and/or other terms,  including  documentation to  support  same. Within [***] the Parties will  discuss  the Proposal in good faith and  exercise  their best efforts to  agree  on the appropriate adjustment if any. PNC will not  issue  any Purchase Orders, nor be  required  to  issue  any Purchase Orders to Supplier until PNC and Supplier have  agreed  on  required  Ingredient Specifications and any associated price and/or  term  adjustment. In the event the Parties  fail  to  agree  on  required  Ingredient Specifications or price and/or  term  adjustments despite their best good faith efforts, neither Party will have any further obligation with regard to  purchase  or supply of those Ingredients under any Master Purchase Commitments except that PNC shall  take  and  pay  for [***] of Ingredient inventory  manufactured   according  to the then- current  Specification. 1.6 Supplier will  provide  a Certificate of Analysis ("COA")  completed  in accordance with the Specifications with any shipment of Ingredients. 1.7 INTENTIONALLY  LEFT  BLANK

1.8 This Agreement is nonexclusive and  sets  forth the terms and conditions under which the Parties will  supply  and  purchase  Ingredients from the other Party. Nothing herein is  intended  to, nor  does  ,  guarantee  that either Party will  supply  or  purchase  any specific, item, in any specific quantity, or  conclude  any business transaction with the other. 1.9 Supplier Performance metrics will be  identified  and  tracked  periodically through Supplier Performance Review meetings no more frequently than each calendar quarter during the  Term  . [***] Metric targets will be  established  by PNC and  agreed  by Fonterra and  updated  as  needed  . The ultimate goal is zero defects for quality and administrative compliance issues. 1.10 Supplier  agrees  to  make  a good faith effort to  provide  Advance Ship Notices ("ASN") with bar- coded  pallet labels; Invoices, Purchase Orders and other business transactions, as may be  advised  by PNC, for each Ingredient shipment. Supplier will  provide  , itself or through a third-party provider, the information via Electronic Data Interface ("EDI") if and as  requested  by PNC. The technical specifications for all  required  EDI transactions will be  provided  by PNC. 2





2 Quality and Food Safety

2.1 For the purposes set forth in Section 303(c) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the "Act"), Supplier guarantees to PNC that as of the time and date of delivery, all Ingredients will not be  adulterated  or  misbranded  within the meaning of the Act, nor will any Ingredients constitute an article that may not, under the provisions of Sections 404 and 505 of the Act, be introduced into interstate commerce. The Supplier further  guarantees  that as of the time and date of delivery, all of the Ingredients will be in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, requirements and programs  including  those  administered  by the Food and Drug Administration (the "FDA"), the United States Department of Agriculture (the "USDA") and any state or local food or drug laws then in effect. This guarantee specifically  includes  Proposition 65 (California Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act), and Supplier hereby certifies that the Ingredients will not  contain  any non-naturally  occurring  chemicals subject to Proposition 65 or that any such chemicals  pose  "no significant risk" or  cause  "no observable effect" as set forth in the California Health and Safety Code, 22 CCR §§ 12701 et seq. and 22 CCR §§ 12801 et seq., as  amended  . Supplier shall  comply  with all applicable regulatory requirements for  determining  and  documenting  that all Ingredients are at or below no significant risk levels and no observable effect levels, as applicable. 2.2 Supplier shall  develop  and  maintain  a food safety/food defense program as  required  under the Food Safety Modernization Act 21 USC §301 et seq and shall  submit  a copy of such plan (and any changes thereto) to PNC upon PNC's request. Supplier will  conduct  [***] third-party food safety/food defense audits (the "Audits") in compliance with, and consistent with, relevant audit schemes  approved  by the Global Food Safety Initiatives, AIB International, Silliker, or GMA SAFE. Supplier will  submit  summaries of audit reports to PNC's Quality Manager at [***] upon request. Failure to  comply  with the requirements of this Section 2.2 will  constitute  a material breach of this Agreement. 2.3 Supplier will  notify  PNC immediately, by person-to-person voice communication or equivalent means, if any of the Ingredients contain, or are reasonably suspected to contain, material hazardous to human health, including but not limited to, chemical, physical or biological hazards. 2.4 PNC shall  notify  Supplier in  writing  if it  determines  any Ingredient  fails  to  meet  the Specifications. Supplier shall be  given  an opportunity to and will promptly  inspect  and/or  test  such Ingredients to  confirm  compliance to Specification. If after any reasonable, good faith inspection and testing it is  confirmed  that certain Ingredients  fail  to  meet  the Specifications [***]. 2.5 Subject to the occurring of a Force Majeure Event, if Supplier  fails  to  deliver  the Ingredients in accordance with the Specifications,  including  within the time  specified  on the Purchase Order, in addition to any other remedies available, PNC may  terminate  the Purchase Order in whole or in part. In the event of such a termination, Supplier shall  continue  performance of any nonterminated portion of the Purchase Order, or any nonterminated Purchase Orders, and the quantity of Ingredient  ordered  and so  terminated  shall be  deducted  against any relevant Master Purchase Commitment. 2.6 PNC or its  contracted  third-party auditors may  enter  and  audit  / inspect  Supplier's facilities where the Ingredients are  produced  , stored,  packaged  or otherwise  processed  [***] unless food safety is at issue or PNC has a good faith reason to  believe  the Ingredients are being  stored  ,  packaged  , or  processed  

3





in a way that is inconsistent with the Specifications, in which case an audit may be  performed  at any time during the  Term  . For routine visits and audits, PNC will  provide  [***] if facilities  located  in the US and with [***] if facilities are  located  [***],  provided  that such examination will be  conducted  during Supplier's normal business hours and in such a manner as to reasonably  minimize  disruption to Supplier's business, unless food safety is at issue, in which case such examination may be  conducted  at any time. Supplier shall  cooperate  in good faith with PNC during all such inspections. During qualification processes and on-site inspections, Supplier will  present  necessary documentation to  ensure  compliance with all applicable programs  specified  under 21 CFR Part 117  Current  Good Manufacturing Practice, Hazard Analysis, and Risk- Based  Preventative Controls for Human Food. Records of environmental monitoring activities by the Supplier,  following  Supplier's  established  environmental monitoring program and standard operating procedures will be  made  available upon request to PNC. Supplier will  notify  Buyer immediately via person-to- person voice communication in the event that any pathogen is  found  , or reasonably  suspected  , in the plant environment during any environmental monitoring activity that could have an impact on the quality or safety of PNC's Ingredients. In the event of an actual or  suspected  food safety concern, Supplier shall  conduct  sampling in all relevant areas and promptly  provide  results of such tests to PNC. If PNC or its representatives  find  that any of Supplier's facilities, processes, inventory, procedures or equipment are not in accordance or compliance with the requirements of this Agreement or applicable law or regulation, PNC will  give  notice to Supplier, and Supplier shall promptly  take  all reasonable steps to  correct  such deficiency  as soon as possible . If correction of the deficiency cannot be  affected  within [***] of such notice, then Supplier shall promptly  notify  PNC with its plan to  correct  the deficiency  including  an  estimated  schedule. If the deficiency cannot be  corrected  within [***], unless otherwise  agreed  , then PNC shall have the right to  terminate  any Purchase Orders then outstanding, along with any Master Purchase Commitment related thereto. 3 Business Continuity/Continuous Supply Assurances. Supplier will  develop  and  maintain  a business continuity plan that  identifies  critical pathways and potential crisis situations that could  interrupt  the supply of Ingredients to  PNC  and  establish  contingency plans for  dealing  with each crisis situation. Upon PNC's  written  request, Supplier will  submit  the business continuity plan to PNC for PNC's review. 4 Intellectual Property. 4.1 Each Party shall  retain  ownership of all Intellectual Property Rights (as  defined  below): (1)  owned  or  licensed  by that Party prior to the commencement date of this Agreement; or (2)  developed  or  acquired  independently of this Agreement by that Party or its licensors other than in connection with this Agreement. 4.2 Ownership in the Intellectual Property Rights, if any, of any developments and/or modifications to the Ingredients during the  Term  shall be [***]. 4.3 For purposes of this Section 4, the  term  "Intellectual Property Rights" shall mean all statutory, common law and proprietary intellectual property rights, including rights in know-how, confidential information, copyright works, designs, inventions, patents, plant varieties, trademarks and all other rights, whether registered or unregistered (including applications for such rights). 5 Confidential Information. "Confidential Information" means all business, financial and technical information of the Parties, or of a third- party as to whom a Party has an obligation of confidentiality, whether disclosed before or after the Effective  Date  and whether disclosed in writing, orally, by electronic delivery, or by inspection of tangible objects. Confidential Information  includes  , without limitation, trade secrets, ideas,

4





processes, formulae ( including  formula and specifications for Ingredients and Finished Products), computer software ( including  source code), algorithms, data, data structures, know-how, copyrightable material, improvements, inventions (whether or not patentable), techniques, strategies, business and product development plans, timetables, forecasts, customer and supplier information, and information  relating  to product designs, specifications and schematics, product costs, product prices, product names, financial information, marketing plans, business opportunities, personnel, research, development and know-how. Confidential Information  includes  that which is  marked  or otherwise  identified  as confidential, as well as that which by its nature and the circumstances of its disclosure are reasonably  understood  to be confidential. 5.1 Maintenance of Confidentiality and Limitations on Use. Each Party will  hold  in strict confidence and  keep  confidential all Confidential Information  disclosed  to it by the other. The Parties will  use  at least the same degree of care to  avoid  publication or dissemination of such Confidential Information as it  uses  with respect to similarly confidential information of its own, but in no event less than reasonable care. Use of such Confidential Information by such Party will be strictly  limited  to activities directly in support of its activities under this Agreement. The Parties will  disclose  such Confidential Information on a need-to- know  basis only, and in all events only to such employees and independent contractors who are  informed  of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information and are  bound  by obligations substantially similar to those set forth herein applicable to such Confidential Information. Each Party hereby  guarantees  the performance of the provisions hereof by each person  obtaining  disclosure of such Confidential Information directly or indirectly from such Party. 5.2 Copying and Return of Confidential Information. Each Party shall not  make  any copies or extracts of Confidential Information, or  include  such Confidential Information in its own materials except as reasonably  required  directly in support of its activities under this Agreement.
