
CO-BRANDING AND ADVERTISING AGREEMENT

THIS CO-BRANDING AND ADVERTISING AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is  made  as of  June 21, 1999  (the "Effective  Date  ") by and between I-ESCROW, INC., with its principal place of business at  1730  S. Amphlett Blvd., Suite 233, San Mateo, California 94402 ("i-Escrow"), and 2THEMART.COM, INC.  having  its principal place of business at 18301 Von Karman Avenue, 7th Floor, Irvine, California 92612 ("2TheMart"). 1. DEFINITIONS. (a) "CONTENT" means all content or information, in any medium, provided by a party to the other party for use in conjunction with the performance of its obligations hereunder, including without limitation any text, music, sound, photographs, video, graphics, data or software. Content  provided  by 2TheMart is  referred  to herein as "2TheMart Content" and Content  provided  by i-Escrow is  referred  to herein as "i-Escrow Content."

(b) "CO-BRANDED SITE" means the web-site accessible through Domain Name, for the Services implemented by i-Escrow. The homepage of this web-site will visibly  display  both 2TheMart Marks and i-Escrow Marks. (c) "CUSTOMERS" means all users who access Co-Branded Site. (d) "DOMAIN NAME" means www.iescrow.com/2TheMart. (e) "ESCROW SERVICES" means services for auction sellers and high bidders whereby an agent holds a buyer's money in trust until the buyer approves the applicable item that was physically delivered, at which time the agent releases the buyer's money to seller, after subtracting the escrow fees. (f) " INFORMATION  TRANSFER MECHANISM" means the mechanism by which 2TheMart transfers to i-Escrow information to populate the applicable i-Escrow transaction and user registration forms. (g) "LAUNCH DATE" means the first date on which the Co-Branded Site is pointed to in all references to i-Escrow from 2TheMart auction site, and the Information Transfer Mechanism is publicly deployed (post-beta). (h) "MARKS" means all domain names, trademarks and logos designated by a party for the other party's use in conjunction with such other party's performance under this Agreement. Marks  designated  by 2TheMart for i-Escrow's use are  referred  to herein as "2TheMart Marks" and Marks  designated  by i- Escrow  for 2TheMart' use are  referred  to herein as "i-Escrow Marks."

(i) "SERVICES" means i-Escrow's implementation and performance of the Escrow Services as of the Effective  Date  , as modified over time. (j) "SHADOW SITE" means the site where Co-Branded Site is made available for 2TheMart's testing of the Information Transfer Mechanism prior to being made publicly available. (k) "TRANSACTION" means a transaction utilizing the Services that actually closes and that was initiated by a Transaction Inquiry from a Customer. (l) "TRANSACTION INQUIRY" means a Customer's submission of i-Escrow's standard New Transaction Inquiry form (or its successor) on or through the Co-Branded Pages.  Currently  this means entry of a description and price of merchandise by a user (buyer or seller) who agrees to abide by the terms and conditions of the Services, together with email address of the other party, regardless of whether or not any Transaction is completed. Source: 2THEMART COM INC, 10-12G,  8/26/1999 





2. DEVELOPMENT AND IMPLEMENTATION. 2.1 OVERVIEW. As set forth herein, 2TheMart will  promote  Services to its auction users (buyers and sellers), and i-Escrow shall  develop  Co-Branded Site, and  develop  the Information Transfer Mechanism  working  with 2TheMart to  make  Services available seamlessly to Customers. Unless otherwise  specified  , each party shall be responsible for all development, hosting and other costs  associated  with the pages  resident  on their servers and all emails to users they  send  . 2.2 INITIAL  INFORMATION  TRANSFER MECHANISM DEVELOPMENT. The parties shall  negotiate  in good faith to  determine  the initial operation of the Information Transfer Mechanism and to  describe  such operation and development fees, in a statement of work ("SOW"). Each party shall  make  available sufficient and qualified engineers to  negotiate  the SOW. No SOW shall be  binding  on the parties unless mutually  approved  by both parties. In the event that the parties are unable to  agree  to an SOW within  2 months   following  the Effective  Date  , either party may, in its sole discretion,  terminate  this Agreement by  providing  written notice. Once  approved  , the parties shall  use  commercially reasonable efforts to diligently  implement  their respective obligations under the SOW. Upon completion of its duties under the SOW, a party shall  notify  the other party and  provide  the other party with the opportunity to  test  and  evaluate  its work. i-Escrow shall  make  available the Shadow Site for such testing in a timely manner. Each party shall reasonably  cooperate  with the other party in  effectuating  their respective duties under the SOW. The Information Transfer Mechanism shall not  go   live  until its operation has been  approved  ("Approval  Date  ") by both parties, such approval not to be unreasonably  withheld  . 2.3 LAUNCH TIMING. Each party shall  use  good faith and reasonable efforts to expeditiously  develop  the Co-Branded Pages and the Information Transfer Mechanism. In the event that, after  using  such efforts, the Launch  Date  has not  occurred  within  4 months   following  the Effective  Date  , either party may  terminate  this Agreement by  providing  written notice. If

only one party has  used  good faith and reasonable development efforts, only that party may  exercise  the foregoing right to  terminate  . 2.4 RESTRICTIONS ON COMMUNICATIONS. i-Escrow may  place  banner advertising on the Co-Branded Site upon prior  written  approval of 2TheMart, which shall be at the discretion of 2TheMart. All advertising revenue  arising  from the banner ads shall be solely i-Escrow's. i-Escrow shall not  run  banner advertisements on the Co-Branded Site for any of 2TheMart's competitors. 2TheMart shall  provide  in writing, a list of companies they would  like  to  exclude  ,  including  every time they  wish  to  change  this list. 2.5 SERVICE PERFORMANCE OF INFORMATION TRANSFER MECHANISM. The parties each shall in good faith work to  provide  reasonable service levels with respect to the operation of the portions of the Information Transfer Mechanism in their control. Source: 2THEMART COM INC, 10-12G,  8/26/1999 





2.6 PROGRAM REVIEW MEETINGS. The parties shall  meet  , at least  once per month  either in person, or by telephone, to  coordinate  the implementation of this agreement over time. 3. PROMOTION. After Launch  Date  , 2TheMart will widely  promote  the Services:

(a) To every seller and high bidder through means including, but not limited to, end of auction emails containing links, such that, it shall be possible for the buyer or seller to initiate a Transaction Inquiry with i-Escrow, without having to re-enter all their personal or transaction related information. (b)  By  adding  links to Co-Branded Site in FAQ section of 2TheMart auctions. (c) By  adding  links to Co-Branded Site on the seller  listing  pages of 2TheMart auctions. (d) By  displaying  a text or graphic link to a page  containing  information about Services on all auction item pages and bidding pages to  educate  bidders about i-Escrow. 2TheMart may  use  the "Escrow Services Description"  attached  in Exhibit A for  creating  such a page. 5. PAYMENT. 5.1 ADVERTISING FEES. After the Launch  Date  , i- Escrow  shall  pay  2TheMart advertising fees  based  on the number of Transaction Inquiries. This advertising fees shall  consist  of a per Transaction Inquiry amount  calculated  by  multiplying  0.025% by the amount of the average Transaction from all Customers in the  preceding  quarter. The formula for  arriving  at the per Transaction Inquiry amount may be  revised  from time to time during the  term  of this Agreement to  reflect  present market conditions ("the Adjusted Rate"), but only by mutual

consent of the parties after good faith discussions. The Adjusted Rate shall be  added  as an addendum to this Agreement. 5.2 REPORTING. Within two (2) weeks  following  the end of each calendar quarter, i-Escrow shall  provide  to 2TheMart a report,  describing  for  quant="EACH">each quarter : the number of new registrations through the Co-Branded Pages; the number of Transaction Inquiries from Customers; the total number of Transactions from such inquiries; the total dollar value of the Transactions. 5.3 AUDIT RIGHTS. i-Escrow shall  keep  for one (1)  year  proper records and books of account  relating  to the computation of advertising payments  owed  to 2TheMart ( including  , as appropriate, the computation of the size of average Transaction). Once every twelve (12)  months  , 2TheMart through a CPA may  inspect  and  audit  such records to  verify  reports. Any such inspection will be  conducted  in a manner that  does  not unreasonably  interfere  with i-Escrow's business activities and with no less than fifteen (15)  days  notice. i-Escrow shall within two (2) weeks  make  any overdue payments  disclosed  by the audit. Such inspection shall be at 2TheMart's expense; however, if the audit  reveals  overdue payments in excess of ten percent (10%) of the payments  owed  to date, i-Escrow shall immediately  pay  all cost of such audit. 6. RIGHTS AND STANDARDS. Source: 2THEMART COM INC, 10-12G,  8/26/1999 





6.1 CONTENT. 2TheMart hereby grants to i- Escrow  a worldwide, non-exclusive right to  use  ,  reproduce  ,  distribute  , publicly  perform  , publicly display and digitally  perform  the 2TheMart Content soley with respect to  and in conjunction with the Co-Branded Site all with the prior  written  consent of 2TheMart, for the  term  of this Agreement. i- Escrow  hereby grants to 2TheMart a worldwide, non-exclusive right to  use  ,  reproduce  ,  distribute  , publicly  perform  , publicly display and digitally  perform  the i-Escrow Content on or in conjunction with 2TheMart auctions. 6.2 CONTENT OWNERSHIP. Except as otherwise  provided  in this Agreement, as between 2TheMart and i-Escrow: (a) 2TheMart and its suppliers  retain  all rights, title and interest in and to all intellectual property rights  embodied  in or  associated  with the 2TheMart Content, and b) i- Escrow  and its suppliers  retain  all rights, title and interest in and to all intellectual property rights  embodied  in or  associated  with the i-Escrow Content and Co-Branded Site. There are no implied licenses under this Agreement, and any rights not expressly  granted  are  reserved  . Neither party shall  exceed  the scope of the rights  granted  hereunder. 6.3 TRADEMARKS. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement: (a) i- Escrow  hereby grants to 2TheMart a non-exclusive, nontransferable right to  use  the i-Escrow Marks ( including  without limitation the Domain Name) in links to and advertisements and promotions for the Co-Branded Pages or the Services; and (b) 2TheMart hereby grants to i- Escrow  a non-exclusive, nontransferable right to  use  2TheMart Marks ( including  without limitation the Domain Name) on the Co-Branded Pages, and for the performance of  Services. 6.4 TRADEMARK RESTRICTIONS. The Mark owner may  terminate  the foregoing rights if, in its reasonable discretion, the other party's use of the Marks tarnishes,  blurs  or  dilutes  the quality  associated  with the Marks or the associated goodwill and such problem is not  cured  within ten (10)  days  of notice of breach; alternatively, instead of  terminating  the right in total, the

owner may  specify  that certain pages of the other party's web-site may not  contain  the Marks. Title to and ownership of the owner's Marks shall  remain  with the owner. The  receiving  party shall  use  the Marks exactly in the form  provided  and in conformance with any trademark usage policies. The other party shall not  take  any action inconsistent with the owner's ownership of the Marks, and any benefits  accruing  from use of such Marks shall automatically  vest  in the owner. The other party shall not  form  any combination marks with the other party's Marks. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the Domain Name is  deemed  a combination mark, neither party shall  use  the Domain Name for any purpose except as expressly  provided  herein or attempt to  register  the Domain Name, and the parties will jointly  cooperate  on any enforcement action of infringement of the Domain Name. 6.5 LIMITS ON SUBLICENSING. All rights (under any applicable intellectual property right)  granted  herein are not sublicenseable,

Source: 2THEMART COM INC, 10-12G,  8/26/1999 





transferable or assignable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may  use  a third party web host, but all actions or failures to  act  of the web host that would be a breach of this Agreement, were the actions or failures to  act   taken  by the applicable party, shall be  deemed  a breach of this Agreement. In addition, 2TheMart may  grant  sublicenses to companies that 2TheMart has a business relationship with to the extent that 2TheMart Content is visible from such company's web-site through a link or other means. 6.6 CONTENT STANDARDS. 2TheMart shall not  provide  any 2TheMart Content, and i-Escrow shall not  provide  any i-Escrow Content, that: (a)  infringes  any third party's copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy; (b)  violates  any law, statute, ordinance or regulation ( including  without limitation the laws and regulations  governing  export control, unfair competition, antidiscrimination or false advertising); (c) is defamatory, trade libelous, unlawfully  threatening  or unlawfully  harassing  ; (d) is obscene, harmful to minors or child pornographic; (e)  contains  any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots or other computer programming routines that are  intended  to damage, detrimentally  interfere  with, surreptitiously  intercept  or  expropriate  any system, data or personal information; and (f) is materially false, misleading or inaccurate. 6.7  SERVICE STANDARDS. i-Escrow will  comply  with all laws and regulations and  act  as an Independent Escrow Agent as per the guidelines of California Escrow Law (California Financial Code Section17000 et seq., or its successor). Should any of the terms, conditions or provisions of this Agreement conflict with the California Escrow Law, its rules or regulations, which  govern  i-Escrow's business practices, the California Escrow Law shall  prevail  . Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time that i- Escrow  reasonably  believes  such a conflict  exists  , i-Escrow will  give  2TheMart  written  notice of such conflict and the parties will  use  their best efforts to  resolve  such conflict. 7. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. EACH PARTY  PROVIDES  ALL MATERIALS AND SERVICES TO THE OTHER PARTY "AS  IS  ."  EACH PARTY  DISCLAIMS  ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY,  INCLUDING  WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-

INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY ANDFITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Each party  acknowledges  that it has not  entered  into this Agreement in reliance upon any warranty or representation except those specifically set forth herein. 8. TERM AND TERMINATION. 8.1 TERM. The  term  of this Agreement shall  continue  for one (1)  year   following  the Launch  Date  , unless earlier  terminated  as  provided  herein. This Agreement may be  renewed  for any number of successive one (1)  year  terms by mutual  written  agreement of the parties prior to the conclusion of the  term  of this Agreement. A party  wishing  to  renew  this Agreement shall  give  the other party notice thereof no less than thirty (30)  days  before the expiration of the  term  then in effect. In the event that either party  does  not  give  such notice, the  term  of this Agreement shall be automatically  renewed  for another one (1)  year  . Source: 2THEMART COM INC, 10-12G,  8/26/1999 





8.2 TERMINATION FOR BREACH. In addition to other remedies that may be available to it, by  providing   written  notice, a party may immediately  terminate  this Agreement: (a) if the other party materially  breaches  this Agreement and  fails  to  cure  that breach within sixty (60)  days  after  receiving   written  notice of the breach, or (b) as  provided  in Sections 2.2  [INITIAL  INFORMATION  TRANSFER MECHANISM DEVELOPMENT], 2.4  [RESTRICTIONS ON COMMUNICATIONS], or 12.4. 8.3 TERMINATION FOR CHANGE IN COMPANY STRUCTURE. If a majority of the equity securities of either 2TheMart or i-Escrow, Inc.
