
Exhibit 10d-2

                               RESELLER AGREEMENT

                                 BY AND BETWEEN

                                PIVX CORPORATION

                                       AND

                               DETTO TECHNOLOGIES

This Reseller Agreement is  entered  as of this ___  day  of _________,  2004  ("Effective  Date  ") by and between PivX Corporation, a California corporation,  having  its principal place of business at 23 Corporate Plaza Drive, Newport Beach, California, 92661 ("PivX") and Detto Technologies, a Washington corporation,  having  its principal place of business at 14320 NE 21st Street, Suite 11, Bellevue, Washington, 98007 ("Detto"). NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the parties hereby  agree  as  follows  :

1. GRANT OF RIGHTS

1.1 LICENSE. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, PivX hereby grants to Detto a non-transferable, exclusive license to  distribute  PivX's Qwik-Fix Pro and any documentation  supporting  Qwik-Fix Pro  provided  from time to time by PivX (the "Documentation") within North America, solely to third parties to whom Detto  licenses  Qwik-Fix Pro ("Third Parties"), and as  governed  by the terms set forth in Exhibit A (PivX/Detto Reseller Agreement Addendum). PivX also hereby grants to Detto a non-transferable, non-exclusive license to  distribute  PivX's Qwik-Fix Pro and the Documentation outside of North America, solely to Third Parties and as  governed  by the terms in Exhibit A. Detto shall have no right to  reproduce  Qwik-Fix Pro or any part thereof. All copies of Qwik-Fix Pro  distributed  by Detto shall be  distributed  pursuant to PivX's  current  Enterprise License Agreement, as  amended  by PivX from time to time (the "License"), a copy of which PivX will  provide  Detto. Detto shall not  distribute  Qwik-Fix Pro to any Third Party unless the Third Party has  accepted  the terms of PivX's  current  License under penalty of perjury and in writing. 1.2 OWNERSHIP. As between PivX and Detto, PivX  owns  and  retains  all right, title, and interest in and to Qwik-Fix Pro and Documentation; all trademarks, service marks or trade names  associated  with Qwik-Fix Pro or Documentation (the "Trademarks"); all copyrights, patents, trade secret rights, and other intellectual property rights therein (collectively, together with Qwik-Fix Pro, Documentation, and Trademarks, the "Property"). Except as expressly  granted  herein, PivX  does  not  grant  to Detto any right or license, either express or  implied  , in Qwik-Fix Pro, Documentation or Property. Detto shall not  reverse  engineer, disassemble, decompile, or otherwise  attempt  to  derive  source code from Qwik-Fix Pro. 1.3 PIVX CHANNELNET. PivX grants Detto access to PivX ChannelNet as  governed  by the terms set forth in Exhibit A. 2. DETTO'S OBLIGATIONS

2.1 DETTO'S MARKETING; PUBLIC RELATIONS. Detto obligations for marketing and public relations are  governed  under the terms in Exhibit A. 2.2 TRADEMARKS; PROPERTY. During the  term  of this Agreement, Detto shall have the right to  use  and  reproduce  the Trademarks in connection with Detto's marketing, advertising, promotion and distribution of Qwik-Fix Pro. Detto's use of the Trademarks shall not  create  any right, title or interest therein. Detto shall  use  the Trademarks only in a manner which  complies  in all material respects with PivX's reasonable policies in effect from time to time, and all

                                       1

such use shall be for PivX's benefit. Detto shall not  remove  , obscure or alter PivX's copyright notice or the Trademarks from Qwik-Fix Pro or Documentation. If Detto, in the course of  distributing  Qwik-Fix Pro,  acquires  any goodwill or reputation in any of the Trademarks, all such goodwill or reputation shall automatically be  transferred  to and shall  vest  in PivX when and as, on an on- going  basis, such acquisition of goodwill or reputation  occurs  , as well as at the expiration or termination of this Agreement, without any separate payment or other consideration of any kind to Detto, and Detto  agrees  to  take  all such actions necessary to  effect  such  vesting  . Detto shall not  contest  the validity of any of the Property or PivX's exclusive ownership of them. Detto shall not  adopt  ,  use  , or  register  , whether as a corporate name, trademark, service mark or other indication of origin, any of the Trademarks, or any word or  mark  confusingly similar to the Trademarks in any jurisdiction. 2.3 SUPPORT FOR QWIK-FIX PRO. Detto shall  provide  for all customer support for Qwik-Fix Pro that it  resells  as  governed  by the terms set forth in Exhibit A. 2.4 COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS. Detto shall  comply  with all laws and regulations applicable to Detto's marketing and distribution of Qwik-Fix Pro hereunder. Without  limiting  the generality of the foregoing, Detto shall, at its own expense,  make  ,  obtain  , and  maintain  in force at all times during the  term  of this Agreement, all filings, registrations, licenses, permits and authorizations





in North America  required  for Detto to  perform  its obligations under this Agreement. 2.5 SECURITY ISSUES. Detto shall  take  all action necessary to  ensure  that (a) Qwik-Fix Pro and Documentation on Detto's servers or computer systems is appropriately  secured  so that Qwik-Fix Pro and Documentation can only be  viewed  ,  copied  , or  utilized  by  licensed  Third Parties; and (b) that the object code of the Courseware can only be  accessed  by employees  authorized  by PivX and cannot be  copied  or  downloaded  by any of Detto's licensees or by any other third party. In addition, Detto shall  make  its offices and equipment available in person, upon reasonable notice, and to the extent feasible, remotely, to PivX to  inspect  and  test  Detto's physical and technical set-up to  ensure  that Detto is  complying  with its obligations under this Section. Detto  agrees  to  indemnify  and  hold  PivX harmless in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.4 to the extent that Detto  breaches  its obligations under this Section 2.5. 2.6 PROTECTION OF PROPRIETARY RIGHTS. Detto shall  cooperate  without charge ( provided  that PivX will  reimburse  out of pocket expenses as  agreed  in advance in writing), in PivX's efforts to  protect  PivX's rights in the Property. Detto shall promptly  notify  PivX of any infringements of PivX's Property Rights that  come  to Detto's attention. PivX shall have the exclusive right to institute infringement or other appropriate legal action against alleged infringers of its Property Rights. PivX shall  incur  all expenses in connection therewith and shall  retain  all monetary recoveries  received  therefrom. 2.7 NO EXCESS REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES. Detto  covenants  that it shall not  make  any representations or warranties with respect to Qwik-Fix Pro or Documentation in excess of those  provided  by PivX herein. Detto  agrees  to  indemnify  and  hold  PivX harmless in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.4 to the extent that Detto  breaches  its covenant under this Section 2.7. 2.8 FULFILLMENT OF DETTO'S OBLIGATIONS. Detto  covenants  that it will  fulfill  all of its contractual and legal obligations to its customers. Detto  covenants  that it will (a)  provide  its customers with first quality sales and technical support with respect to any copies or licenses of Qwik-Fix Pro  sold  by Detto, (b) promptly, courteously and appropriately  respond  to its customers questions, concerns and complaints, and (c) generally  deal  with its customers in a professional manner that shall  add  to the good reputation of Detto and PivX. To the extent that Detto  fails  to  fulfill  its contractual and legal obligations to its customers, Detto  agrees  that PivX may  elect  to  fulfill  those obligations, or any portion of them, and Detto shall  reimburse   PivX  any costs and expenses so  incurred  by PivX. Detto  agrees  to  indemnify  and  hold  PivX harmless in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.4 to the extent that it  breaches  any of its covenants under this Section 2.8. 2.9 U.S. GOVERNMENT -  RESTRICTED  RIGHTS. Detto  covenants  to  require  its customers to  accept  a click-wrap agreement that, among other things,  provides  that Qwik-Fix Pro and accompanying documentation are  deemed  to be "commercial computer Software" and "commercial computer Software documentation,"

                                       2

respectively, pursuant to DFAR Section 227.7202 and FAR Section 12.212, as applicable. Any use, modification, reproduction release, performance, display or disclosure of Qwik-Fix Pro and accompanying documentation by the U.S. Government shall be  governed  solely by the terms of the Agreement and shall be  prohibited  except to the extent expressly  permitted  by the terms of this Agreement. 2.10 BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT. Detto will  engage  in future business development with PivX as  governed  by the terms set forth in Exhibit A. 2.11 SALES FORECASTING; SALES METRICS; SALES REPORTING. Detto will  provide  sales forecasting, sales metrics and sales  reporting  to PivX as  governed  by the terms set forth in Exhibit A. 3. PRICE AND PAYMENT; SHIPMENT AND DELIVERY

3.1  SUGGESTED  THIRD PARTY PRICES. Third Party prices are  governed  by the terms set forth in Exhibit A. 3.2 PER COPY FEES. Detto shall  pay  to PivX for each unit of Qwik-Fix Pro distributed hereunder per copy fees (the "Per Copy Fees") as  governed  by the terms set forth in Exhibit A. In the event that PivX  changes  the Third Party prices, Per Copy Fees  based  on such changed prices shall  apply  to any order for Qwik-Fix Pro  received  by PivX after the effective date of the increase. PivX shall  provide  Detto with at least forty-five (45)  days   written  notice of any increase in the Per Copy Fees. 3.3 PAYMENT. All payments to PivX shall be  made  within thirty (30)  days  after the receipt by Detto of the PivX's invoice. Detto shall  pay  PivX a late charge on outstanding amounts due equal to one and one-half percent (1.50%) per  month  or the maximum amount  allowed  by law, whichever is less. All payments shall be  made  in United States Dollars, free of any withholding tax and of any currency control or other restrictions to PivX. PivX shall have the right, at reasonable times and on reasonable notice, to  inspect  and  audit  the books and records of Detto to  verify  the accuracy of any statements. In the event that such an inspection  discloses  any error of any amount, the parties shall by appropriate payment promptly  adjust  for the error. If Detto  fails  to  make  payments when due, PivX shall be  entitled  to, in its sole discretion, to  take  any one or more of the following: (a) place Detto on credit hold, in which case, PivX may  cease  to  fulfill  Detto's orders to any new Third Parties; (b) rescind Detto's right to  sell  or  distribute  any additional Qwik-Fix Pro or Documentation hereunder; and (c) to  require  that Detto  direct  all future payments, for licenses  sold  in the past or in the future, from the Third Parties directly to PivX or a lock box or





an account  designated  by PivX for such purpose, to be  applied  by PivX to the payment default (and interest thereon) until such defaults have been satisfied. All amounts  received  by PivX hereunder shall be nonrefundable except for any payments  received  or  held  under PivX's control pursuant to clause "c" of the last sentence after Detto's payment default has been  satisfied  . 3.4 TAXES, TARIFFS, FEES. PivX's  Suggested  Prices and Per Copy Fees  do  not  include  any national, state or local sales, use, value  added  or other taxes, customs duties, or similar tariffs and fees which may be  required  to be  paid  or  collected  upon the delivery of Qwik-Fix Pro or upon collection of the prices for Qwik-Fix Pro or the Per Copy Fees. Should any tax or levy be  made  , Detto  agrees  to  pay  such tax or levy and  indemnify  PivX against any claim for such amount. Detto  represents  and warrants to  PivX  that all Qwik-Fix Pro  acquired  hereunder is for redistribution in the ordinary course of Detto's business, and Detto  agrees  to  provide  PivX with appropriate resale certificate numbers and other documentation satisfactory to the applicable  taxing  authorities to  substantiate  any claim of exemption from any such taxes or fees. 3.5 SHIPMENT AND DELIVERY. PivX shall electronically  deliver  Qwik-Fix Pro to Detto. Detto shall  inspect  all software  delivered  to it, upon receipt and shall, within  10 days  of receipt,  give   written  notice to PivX of any claim of damage or  missing  portions. Should Detto  fail  to  give  such notice, or  fail  to  obtain  an extension of such  10-day period  from PivX, the packages shall be  deemed  to be  accepted  by Detto. PivX will reasonably  accommodate  Detto's request to  replace  its master copy of software that  becomes   corrupted  or  damaged  . Detto shall contractually  require  its Third Parties to  report  any claim of damage or shortages for Qwik-Fix Pro  shipped  to them within thirty (30)  days  of the Third Parties receipt of such package (or the time  required  by applicable law, if longer). PivX shall  use  commercially reasonable efforts to  meet  delivery dates  requested  by Detto, but in no event shall PivX be liable for its failure to  meet  such dates. In the event that PivX shall be unable to  meet  Detto's requested ship dates, PivX shall  advise  Detto of the change in or actual delivery schedule. 3

3.6 SECURITY INTEREST. Detto hereby  grants  PivX a purchase money security interest in all Qwik-Fix Pro licensed to Detto, all physical media on which Qwik-Fix Pro is  located  , and all rights  licensed  to Detto pursuant to this Agreement in the amount of the Total Purchase Price. Detto also  grants  PivX a security interest in Detto's address list of Third Parties to  secure  Detto's payment, indemnification, and other obligations  hereunder  . To  secure  its rights hereunder, PivX shall have the right to  file  one or more UCC financing statements and to  make  such other filings as PivX shall  deem  appropriate. Detto shall  cooperate  with PivX with respect to all such filings. Upon PivX's demand, Detto  agrees  to  execute  promptly any  financing  statement, security agreement, chattel mortgage, applications for registration and/or similar documents, and to  take  any other action  deemed  necessary for registration or otherwise  deemed  necessary or desirable by PivX in order to  perfect  PivX's security interest hereunder. In the event of Detto's default hereunder, PivX may  foreclose  its security interests and  exercise  such other rights as  provided  under the UCC. 4. WARRANTY AND LIABILITY

4.1 PRODUCT WARRANTY. With respect to Qwik-Fix Pro  delivered  by PivX to Detto on CD-Rom, PivX warrants that for a period of thirty (30)  days   following  delivery to Detto, the media on which Qwik-Fix Pro is  furnished  to Detto will be free from defects in materials and workmanship during normal use. PivX warrants that Qwik-Fix Pro will substantially  conform  to the user documentation. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY  SET  FORTH ABOVE, QWIK-FIX PRO AND DOCUMENTATION  ARE   PROVIDED  "AS  IS  ". PIVX HEREBY  DISCLAIMS  ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY,  INCLUDING  WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED  WARRANTIES  OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 4.2 PRODUCT INDEMNITY.
