
Exhibit 10.28

                              ENDORSEMENT AGREEMENT

            This Endorsement Agreement ("Agreement") is  made  and  entered  into as of  August 24, 1995 , by and among the  following  parties:

                  (a) Kathy Ireland, Inc. ("KI Inc."),  furnishing  the services       of Kathy Ireland ("KI"), c/o The Sterling/Winters Co.,  1900  Avenue of the       Stars, Suite #1640, Los Angeles, California 90067;

                  (b) The Sterling/Winters Co. ("SW"),  1900  Avenue of the Stars,       Suite #1640, Los Angeles, California 90067; and

                  (c) Diplomat Ambassador Eyewear Group ("Diplomat"), 1010 Arch       Street, 3rd Floor, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19107. 1. Recitals. (a) Whereas Diplomat has  created  a new product line to be  known  as "Kathy Ireland Eyewear" ("KI Eyewear");

                  (b) Whereas Diplomat  estimates  on a non-binding basis that wholesale sales of KI Eyewear will  reach  $          during the first License Year, $          during the 2nd License Year, $          during the 3rd License Year, and $          during the 4th License Year (as those License Years are  defined  in subparagraph 3.(b) of this Agreement);

                  (c) Whereas Diplomat  desires  to  obtain  the right to  use  the name, likeness and endorsement of KI in connection with the advertisement, promotion and sale of KI Eyewear; and

                  (d) Whereas KI, Inc. has the authority to  grant  the right to  use  KI's name, likeness and endorsement to Diplomat in connection with the advertisement, promotion and sale of KI Eyewear and desires to  do  so;

                  (e) NOW THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual promises and conditions  contained  in this Agreement, the parties hereby  agree  as  follows  . 2. Grant of License. (a) Products. Upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, KI, Inc. hereby  grants  to Diplomat and Diplomat hereby  accepts  the right, license and privilege of  utilizing  KI's name and likeness solely upon and in connection with the manufacture, sale and distribution of the  following  products:

                        (1) sunglasses, eyeglasses, readers and ophthalmic frames;

                                       1

                        (2) optical cases, optical eye chains, eye pins, and lens cleaning kits  sold  only in optical retailers; and

                        (3) such other optical accessories as the parties shall  agree  . (b) Territory. The license hereby  granted   extends  worldwide. (c)  Term  . The  term  of the license hereby  granted  shall  commence   August 1, 1995  and  continue  until  January 30, 2000 , unless sooner  terminated  in the manner  provided  in the immediately  succeeding  sentence or as otherwise  provided  in this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the management of Kmart stores  elects  not to  carry  KI eyewear prior to the end of the first license  year  ( January 30, 1997 ), then either party shall have the right to  terminate  this Agreement as of such date. 3. Terms of Payment. (a) Rate. Diplomat  agrees  to  pay  KI, Inc. as royalty a sum equal to  % of the net wholesale volume of the products  covered  by this Agreement by Diplomat and its affiliated,  associated  , or subsidiary companies. The  term  "net wholesale volume" shall mean gross sales to all customers; less returns, trade discounts and cash discounts; but no deduction shall be made for other discounts or uncollectible accounts. No costs  incurred  in the manufacture, sale, distribution, or exploitation of the products  covered  by this Agreement shall be  deducted  from any royalty payable by Diplomat. (b) Minimum Royalties. Diplomat  agrees  to  pay  KI, Inc. the minimum royalties set forth below as a minimum guarantee against royalties to be  paid  to KI, Inc. under subparagraph 3.(a), above:

                  (1) 1st License Year ( 8/1/95  -  1/30/97 ):     $                   (2) 2nd License Year ( 2/1/97  -  1/30/98 ):     $                   (3) 3rd License Year ( 2/1/98  -  1/30/99 ):     $                   (4) 4th License Year ( 2/1/99  -  1/30/2000 ):   $





The minimum royalty for the 1st License Year shall be  paid  as  follows  : $ upon the signing of the Deal Memo  dated   August 24, 1995 , the balance of $ to be  paid  in six (6) equal, consecutive,  monthly  installments of $  commencing  with the  month  in which this Agreement is  signed  . No part of the minimum royalty for the first License Year shall in any event be repayable to Diplomat. The minimum royalty for the 2nd, 3rd and 4th License Years shall be  made  in four equal installments payable on  February 1st ,  May 1st ,  August 1st  and  November 1st  of each such License Year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if royalties  paid  by Diplomat to KI, Inc. on net

                                       2

wholesale volume for any particular License Year under subparagraph 3(a) of this Agreement should  exceed  the minimum royalties  remaining  to be  paid  for that same License Year under this subparagraph 3(b), then no further payments of minimum royalties for such License Year shall be  required  under this subparagraph 3(b). (c) Periodic Statements. Within thirty (30)  days  after the initial shipment of the products  covered  by this Agreement, and promptly on the 15th of each calendar  month  thereafter, Diplomat shall  furnish  to KI, Inc. complete and accurate statements  certified  to be accurate by Diplomat  showing  the number, description and gross sales price,  itemized  deductions from gross sales price, and net sales price of the products  covered  by this Agreement  distributed  and/or  sold  by Diplomat during the  preceding  calendar  month  , together with any returns  made  during the  preceding  calendar  month  . Such statements shall be  furnished  to KI, Inc. whether or not any of the products have been  sold  during the  preceding  calendar  month  . (d) Royalty Payments. Royalties in excess of the minimum royalty shall be due on the 25th  day  of the  month   following  the calendar  month  in which they are  earned  , and payment shall  accompany  the statements  furnished  pursuant to subparagraph (c), above. The receipt or acceptance by KI, Inc. of any of the statements  furnished  pursuant to this Agreement, or of any royalties  paid  hereunder, or the cashing of any royalty checks  paid  hereunder, shall not  preclude  KI, Inc. from  questioning  the correctness of such statements or payments,  provided  all such questions are  raised  with Diplomat within  two years  of the date of KI Inc's receipt of the statement or payment in question. In the event any inconsistencies or mistakes are  discovered  in such statements or payments, they shall immediately be rectified and the appropriate payments  made  by Diplomat. 4. Exclusivity. The license hereby  granted  shall be exclusive as to the products  described  in subparagraphs 2.(a)(1) and (2) of this Agreement, but nonexclusive as to all other products  covered  by this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be  construed  to  prevent  KI, Inc. from  granting  any other licenses for the use of KI's name or likeness, or from  utilizing  KI's name and likeness in any manner whatsoever, except that KI, Inc.  agrees  that except as  provided  herein it will  grant  no other licenses for the territory to which this license  extends  for the use of KI's name and likeness in connection with the sale of the products  described  in subparagraphs 2.(a)(1) and (2) of this Agreement effective during the  term  of this Agreement. 5. Personal Endorsement and Appearances. (a) Endorsement. KI, Inc.  agrees  that KI shall  endorse  KI Eyewear and that KI will  use  her best efforts to  wear  KI Eyewear whenever reasonably possible and appropriate, with KI to have sole, unfettered discretion as to where and when to  wear  KI Eyewear. 3

                  (b) USA Appearance. KI will  make  one (1) personal appearance per License Year during the period of this Agreement on behalf of Diplomat at the Vision Expo in New York, New York, subject to the terms of this paragraph. Such appearance shall be for the purpose of  signing  autographs, shall  last  for a period of up to three (3) hours, and shall be subject to KI's schedule and availability. Diplomat, at its own expense, shall  provide  KI with a hair and  make  -up assistant of KI's choosing for each personal or media appearance  required  under this Agreement. (c) Travel. Travel expenses of KI in connection with all  scheduled  personal appearances under this Agreement, as well the travel expenses of KI's child, the child's nanny, KI's hair and  make  -up assistant of KI's choosing, and two (2) additional  traveling  companions of KI's choosing (collectively  referred  to as KI's "entourage"), shall be  provided  by Diplomat. KI and the members of her entourage shall  travel  via first class air and portal-to-portal limousine ground transportation. In addition, KI and the members of her entourage shall be  lodged  in first class hotel accommodations and all of them shall be  reimbursed  for all meals and other incidental expenses in connection with such appearances. All the above travel expenses of KI and the members of her entourage shall be  billed  directly to Diplomat. For purposes of this paragraph (c), the  term  "travel expenses" shall  include  

                  (d) Photo Sessions. KI will  participate  in up to two (2) photo sessions per License Year during the period of this Agreement on behalf of Diplomat at a mutually acceptable time and place. The photo sessions shall be  scheduled  at KI's convenience upon not less than two (2) weeks prior notice, and shall be subject to KI's preexisting personal and professional commitments. The photo sessions shall be up to two (2) consecutive  days  in duration,  each day  to  consist  of no more than eight (8)  working  hours. The photo shoots shall be





 produced  by SW,  approved  in writing by Diplomat (which approval shall not be unreasonably  withheld  ), and all images  produced  from the photo sessions shall be the property of SW. The parties  agree  that all images from the photo sessions shall be  retouched  at the expense of Diplomat. In recognition of SW's expenses in connection with the above photo sessions, Diplomat shall  pay  SW the sum of $       per  day  for  each day  (or partial  day  ) of such photo sessions. It is  understood  by the parties that such sum shall  include  all expenses  required  to  provide  Diplomat with positive film ( excluding  travel expenses of KI, as set forth in this Agreement), and that such sum  contemplates  a typical location for such photo sessions. If a more elaborate set-up for such photo sessions is  required  , and such set-up is mutually  agreed  to by the parties, then the above sum shall be  increased  to such amount as the parties shall  agree  . The above sum shall not  include   retouching  images. (e) Videotapes. KI will  participate  in the production of up to one (1) product information/sales video per License Year during the period of this Agreement on behalf of Diplomat at a mutually acceptable time and place. The video production sessions shall be  scheduled  at KI's convenience upon not less than two (2) weeks prior notice, and shall be subject to KI's preexisting personal and professional commitments. The video production sessions shall be up to two (2) consecutive  days  

                                       4

in duration,  each day  to  consist  of no more than eight (8)  working  hours. The video production sessions shall be  produced  by SW,  approved  in writing by Diplomat (which approval shall not be unreasonably  withheld  ), and all images  produced  from the video production sessions shall be the property of SW. In recognition of SW's expenses in connection with such video production sessions, Diplomat shall  pay  SW a sum per  day  for  each day  (or partial  day  ) of such sessions, such sum to be  agreed  upon by the parties. It is  understood  by the parties that such sum shall  include  all expenses  required  to  provide  Diplomat with an acceptable video ( excluding  travel expenses of KI, as set forth in this Agreement). (f) Scope of License. The license  granted  to Diplomat in subparagraph 2(a) of this Agreement shall  include  the right to  use  the photos and videotapes  referred  to in subparagraphs 5(d) and 5(e) of this Agreement in connection with the marketing, distribution and sale of the products  described  in subparagraph 2(a) of this Agreement, subject to the prior approval of KI, Inc. 6. Good Will, Etc. Diplomat  recognizes  the great value of the good will  associated  with KI's name and  acknowledges  that (a) KI's name, and all rights and good will  pertaining  to KI's name,  belong  exclusively to KI, Inc. and (b) that KI's name has a secondary meaning in the mind of the public. 7. KI, Inc.'s Title and Protection of KI. Inc.'s Rights. (a) Diplomat  agrees  that it will not at any time during the  term  of this Agreement or thereafter  attack  (i) KI, Inc.'s title to, or rights in and to, KI's name or (ii) the validity of this license. KI, Inc. hereby indemnifies Diplomat and  undertakes  to  hold  it harmless against only those claims or suits (i)  arising  solely out of the  authorized  use of KI's name by Diplomat in accordance with this Agreement and (ii)  brought  by those persons or entities to whom KI, Inc. has  licensed  the use of KI's name and likeness. Prompt notice shall be  given  by Diplomat to KI, Inc. of any such claim or suit. In addition, KI, Inc. shall have the option to  undertake  and  conduct  the defense of any suit so  brought  and no settlement of any such claim or suit shall be  made  without the prior  written  consent of KI, Inc. (b) Diplomat shall  notify  KI, Inc. in writing of any infringements or imitations by others of KI's name on products similar to those  covered  by this Agreement that may  come  to Diplomat's attention, and KI, Inc. shall have the sole right to  determine  whether or not any action shall be  taken  in connection with such infringements or imitations. Diplomat shall not  institute  any suit or  take  any action in connection with any such infringements or imitations without first  obtaining  the  written  consent of KI, Inc. 5

            8. Indemnification by Licensee and Product Liability Insurance. Diplomat hereby  indemnifies  KI, Inc. and KI,  undertakes  to  defend  KI, Inc. and KI against, and  hold  KI, Inc. and KI harmless from, any claims, suits, loss and damage ( including  attorneys' fees and costs)  arising  out of (a) any allegedly unauthorized use of any patent, process, idea, method, or device by Diplomat in connection with the products  covered  by this Agreement, (b) any  alleged  defects in the products  covered  by this Agreement, and (c) any other  alleged  action by Diplomat. Diplomat  agrees  that it will  obtain  , at its own expense, product liability insurance from a  recognized  insurance company which is qualified to  do  business in the State of California  providing  adequate protection (at least in the amount of $         ) for KI, Inc., KI and Diplomat against any claims, suits, loss or damage  arising  out of any alleged defects in the products. As proof of such insurance, a fully  paid  certificate of insurance  naming  KI, Inc. and KI as an  insured  party will be  submitted  to KI, Inc. by Diplomat for KI, Inc.'s prior approval before any product is  distributed  or  sold  , and at the latest within thirty (30)  days  after the date first  written  above. Any  proposed  change in certificates of insurance shall be  submitted  to KI, Inc. for its prior approval. KI, Inc. shall be  entitled  to a copy of the





then  prevailing  certificate of insurance, which shall be  furnished  KI, Inc. by Diplomat.
