
Exhibit 10.1 [***] = Certain confidential information  contained  in this document,  marked  by brackets, has been  omitted  because it is both (i) not material and (ii) would likely be competitively harmful if publicly  disclosed  . Miltenyi Biotec-Bellicum Supply Agreement (Execution Copy  March 27, 2019 )

SUPPLY AGREEMENT

(MB Global Contract Number MBGCR 19001)

This Supply Agreement (this "Agreement") is  made  and  entered  into, effective as of  March 27, 2019  (the "Effective  Date  "), by and between Miltenyi Biotec GmbH, a German corporation  having  an address at Friedrich-Ebert-Str. 68, 51429 Bergisch Gladbach, Germany (hereinafter  referred  to as "Miltenyi"), and Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a US corporation,  having  a  registered  office at  2130  West Holcombe Boulevard, Suite 800, Houston, TX 77030 (on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, individually and collectively  referred  to as "Bellicum"). Miltenyi and Bellicum are sometimes  referred  to herein individually as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties."

RECITALS

WHEREAS, Miltenyi is a biotechnology company  having  technology and expertise  relating  to, inter alia, monoclonal antibodies, cell separation, and cell and gene therapy, and Miltenyi has  developed  and  owns  and  controls  various platform technologies for use in research and clinical applications and pharmaceutical development and manufacturing,  including  (i) systems, devices, reagents, disposables and related procedures and protocols for cell processing ( including  cell enrichment, purification, activation, modification and expansion) and cell analysis, (ii) bioassay reagents, assays, probes and related materials, and (iii) clinical cell or sample processing systems;

WHEREAS, Bellicum is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company  focused  on  discovering  and  developing  cellular immunotherapies for hematological cancers and solid tumors, as well as orphan  inherited  blood diseases;

WHEREAS, Bellicum desires to  use  certain Miltenyi Products (as  defined  below) solely for the Permitted Use (as  defined  below) in connection with the development and manufacture of certain Bellicum Products (as  defined  below) by Bellicum and/or its Subcontractors or Licensees (as  defined  below) for use in preclinical and clinical development programs and, if  approved  , for commercial use; and

WHEREAS, Miltenyi desires to  sell  to Bellicum, and Bellicum desires to  purchase  from Miltenyi, the Miltenyi Products in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants  contained  herein, the Parties  agree  as  follows  :

Article 1 DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

1.1 Definitions. For the purposes of this Agreement, unless the context  requires  otherwise, the  following  terms shall have the meanings set forth below:

"Additional Countries" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3 of this Agreement. "Affiliate" means, with respect to a Party, any corporation, association, or other entity which, directly or indirectly, controls the Party or is controlled by the Party or is under common control with such Party, where "control" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the affairs or management of a corporation, association, or other entity through the ownership of fifty percent





Miltenyi Biotec-Bellicum Supply Agreement (Execution Copy,  March 27, 2019 )

or more of the voting securities or otherwise,  including   having  the power to  elect  a majority of the board of directors or other  governing  body of such corporation, association, or other entity. "Agreed Standards" means all standards, specifications, guidelines and regulations as to quality, safety and performance as are consistently applied by Miltenyi from time to time with respect to the manufacture and quality control of the relevant Miltenyi Product in accordance with Miltenyi's established quality system, standard operating procedures, and quality control procedures, and includes (i) any standard(s) as may be specifically determined to be applicable to the manufacture and quality control of the relevant Miltenyi Product (if any) (for example, with regard to the manufacturing of cell processing reagents or processing aids) by agreement between Miltenyi and any relevant Regulatory Authority/ies and as set forth in Miltenyi's relevant Master Files and/or the Quality Agreement and (ii) any standard(s) as may be expressly agreed between the Parties with respect to a relevant Miltenyi Product from time to time in writing in this Agreement or in an amendment to this Agreement. "Agreement" means this Supply Agreement, including Exhibits A, B, C, D, E, F and G attached hereto and incorporated herein, as amended from time to time in accordance with Section 20.3 hereof. "Applicable Laws" means all supranational, national, state and local laws, rules and regulations and guidelines governing the activities of a Party described in this Agreement within the Territory that are applicable to the manufacture, use, storage, import, export and handling of the Miltenyi Products, including any applicable rules, regulations, guidelines, and other requirements of any Regulatory Authority that may be in effect in the Territory from time to time. "Bellicum Product" means one or more cell-based therapeutic product(s) that are manufactured using one or more Miltenyi Products and that are researched, developed and/or commercialized by or on behalf of Bellicum in the Field, as such products are identified in Modules set forth in Exhibit A to this Agreement, including related development candidate(s) and investigational cell-based therapeutics used under the sponsorship of Bellicum and as further specified in the applicable Module, as such Module may be amended from time to time by written notification of Bellicum to Miltenyi to add or remove product(s) in the Field. "Bellicum Program" means a specific Bellicum program for preclinical, clinical development and/or commercialization relating to one or more Bellicum Products as such program is identified and described in a Module to this Agreement. "Business Day" means any  day  on which banking institutions in both San Francisco, US, and Bergisch Gladbach, Germany, are open for business. "Calendar Quarter" means each successive period of three consecutive calendar  months  commencing on  January 1 ,  April 1 ,  July 1  and  October 1 . "Calendar Year" means each successive period of twelve (12)  months  (each, a "Calendar Month") commencing on  January 1  and ending on  December 31 , except that the first Calendar Year shall be that period from and including the Effective  Date  through  December 31  of  that same year , and the last Calendar Year shall be that period from and including  the last January 1  of the  Term  through the earlier of the date of expiration or termination of this Agreement. "Clinical Grade Product" means any Miltenyi Product designated as "Clinical Grade" in the attached Exhibit B, Column "Quality Status". "Commercial Phase" means, on a Bellicum Product-by-Bellicum Product basis, the period of time during the  Term  of this Agreement following the approval by the FDA or other applicable Regulatory Authorities in the Designated Countries for a particular Bellicum Product, during which period of time Bellicum desires Miltenyi to supply Bellicum, its Subcontractors and/or Licensees with Miltenyi Product(s). 1





Miltenyi Biotec-Bellicum Supply Agreement (Execution Copy,  March 27, 2019 )

"[...***...]" shall mean, with respect to the efforts and resources required to fulfill any obligation hereunder, the use of [...***...] of companies in the pharmaceutical industry or the biotech industry. "Communication" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.5. "Confidential Information" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 14. "Contract Year" means each successive period of twelve (12)-months during the  Term  ending on each anniversary of the Effective  Date  of this Agreement. "Delivery" and " Deliver  " shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(a). " Designated  Countries" means those countries listed under section "Designated Countries" on the Bellicum Product specific Module. "Discounts" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.4. "Ex Vivo Cell Processing" means the selection, modification, alteration, activation and/or expansion of cells outside the human body. "Facility" means (i) any production site owned or leased by Miltenyi or its Affiliate or by a Subcontractor of Miltenyi that is used for the manufacture of the Miltenyi Products, and (ii) any warehouse or distribution facility of Miltenyi or its Affiliate or a Subcontractor of Miltenyi that holds or ships Miltenyi Products, as the case may be. "Field" means genetically modified, cell-based therapeutics for the treatment of human diseases, including but not limited to treatment of solid tumors and hematological cancers. "Firm Zone" shall have the meaning provided in Section 5.1(a). "Forecast" shall have the meaning provided in Article 5 of this Agreement. "Forecast Territory" means those countries where a particular Bellicum Product is manufactured, and for such manufacturing where relevant Miltenyi Products are shipped, as listed under section "Forecast Territory" on the Bellicum Product specific Module. "Global Contract Number" means the reference number shown on the first page of this Agreement. "Initial  Term  " means the period set forth in Section 15.1. "Intellectual Property Rights" means any and all past, present, and future rights which exist, or which may exist or be created in the future, under the laws of any jurisdiction in the world with respect to all: (i) rights associated with works of authorship, including exclusive exploitation rights, copyrights, moral rights, and mask works; (ii) trademarks and trade name rights and similar rights; (iii) trade secret rights; (iv) inventions, patents, patent applications, and industrial property rights; (v) other proprietary rights in intellectual property of every kind and nature; and (vi) rights in or relating to registrations, renewals, re-examinations, extensions, combinations, continuations, divisions, and reissues of, and applications for, any of the rights referred to in sub-clauses (i) through (v) above. 2





Miltenyi Biotec-Bellicum Supply Agreement (Execution Copy,  March 27, 2019 )

"Lead Time" means the minimum amount of time, as specified for each Miltenyi Product in Exhibit B hereto, between the date an applicable Purchase Order (as defined below) for Miltenyi Product is received by Miltenyi and the requested date of Delivery. "Licensee" means any Bellicum associated Third Party that has rights by way of license, sublicense, collaboration or otherwise to research, have researched, develop, have developed, make, have made, use, have used, sell, offer for sale, import, have imported, export, have exported, or otherwise commercialize any Bellicum Product, as described in the Bellicum Product specific Module attached hereto as such Bellicum Product specific Module may be amended from time to time by written notification of Bellicum to Miltenyi to add or remove a Licensee. "Master File" means any Type II Master File, Medical Device Master File, or regulatory support file or other equivalent document, filed by or on behalf of Miltenyi, as of the Effective  Date  or during the  Term  , with the FDA, EMA and/or any other applicable Regulatory Authority that accepts such Master Files for any Miltenyi Products and/or any component thereof and/or any products used in connection therewith, as applicable, and in each case any amendment thereto. "Material Change" means any change to Agreed Standards, Product Specifications, critical raw materials, sources of critical raw materials and/or primary packaging of a Miltenyi Product that, to the extent reasonably foreseeable, could have potential adverse impact on the safety, quality, and/or performance or could otherwise materially alter the properties of a Miltenyi Product. "Miltenyi Competitor" means the commercial entities and their respective Affiliates as set forth in Exhibit G attached hereto as such Exhibit G may be amended from time to time by written notification of Miltenyi to Bellicum of any proposal to add or remove a Miltenyi Competitior, which addition or removal shall be mutually agreed by the Parties after good faith discussion of such proposal. "Miltenyi Products" means the products listed from time to time on Exhibit B attached hereto, and "Miltenyi Product" means any one of them. As  used  herein, Miltenyi Products  include  "Clinical Grade Products" and "Research Grade Products". "Miltenyi Product Warranty" shall have the meaning provided in Section 11.1. "Miltenyi Technology" means all Technology and Intellectual Property Rights  currently  in the possession of or controlled by Miltenyi, or conceived, developed or reduced to practice before or after the Effective  Date  by Miltenyi, relating to the research and development, manufacturing, registration for marketing, handling, use, or sale of a Miltenyi Product (e.g., instruments, columns, antibodies, antibody reagents, tubing sets, and buffers). The  term  "Miltenyi Technology"  includes  the CliniMACS® System, CliniMACS® Prodigy System, the MACS® Technology, and any other proprietary materials and methods useful for the selection, activation, purification, cultivation, or other kinds of processing, of cells or biological materials, or products  utilizing  any of the foregoing. "Module" means a written description, mutually agreed upon by the Parties, of one or more Bellicum Products or one or more Bellicum Program(s) under which Miltenyi agrees to supply Miltenyi Products to Bellicum under this Agreement, as specifically applicable for such Bellicum Product(s) or such Bellicum Program(s). Each Module shall be  agreed  upon between the Parties on a Bellicum Product-by- Bellicum Product or Bellicum Program- by Bellicum-Program basis, as set forth in Section 1.4 and any amendment thereto. " Permitted  Use" shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.2 hereof. 3





Miltenyi Biotec-Bellicum Supply Agreement (Execution Copy,  March 27, 2019 )

"Product Specifications" means the particulars as to composition, quality, safety, integrity, purity and other characteristics for a Miltenyi Product as published by Miltenyi from time to time, or as set forth in the applicable Quality Agreement entered into by the Parties in accordance with Section 3.2. " Purchase  Order" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.7. "Product Price" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.4. "Quality Agreement" means one or more written agreements between the Parties, incorporating all relevant quality assurance and quality control obligations and aspects for the Parties with respect to the supply of Clinical Grade Products to Bellicum by Miltenyi under this Agreement. "Regulatory Authority" means any federal, national, multinational, state, provincial or local regulatory agency, department, bureau or other governmental entity having the primary responsibility, jurisdiction, and authority to approve the manufacture, use, importation, packaging, labelling and/or marketing of pharmaceutical products or devices, including the United States Food and Drug Administration ("FDA") and the European Medicines Agency ("EMA"), and any equivalent or successor agency thereto. "Regulatory Work" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.3. "Rejected Products" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.2. "Renewal  Term  " shall have the meaning set forth in Section 15.1. "Required Change" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(c). "Research Grade Product" means any Miltenyi Product designated as "Research Grade" in the attached Exhibit B, Column "Quality Status". "Subcontractor" means a Third Party to which, as applicable: (i) Miltenyi subcontracts the manufacture and/or supply of Miltenyi Products on behalf of Miltenyi and under Miltenyi's authority and responsibility in accordance with Section 2.5 and as further set forth in the Quality Agreement, if applicable; or (ii) Bellicum or its Licensees subcontracts the manufacture and/or supply of Bellicum Products on behalf of Bellicum or its Licensees and under Bellicum's or its Licensees' authority and responsibility in accordance with this Agreement and as described in the Bellicum Product specific Module attached hereto, as such Bellicum Product specific Module may be amended from time to time by written notification of Bellicum to Miltenyi to add or remove Subcontractor.
