
Exhibit 10.1

Redactions with respect to certain portions hereof  denoted  with "***"

COLLABORATION AGREEMENT

This Collaboration Agreement (the "Agreement") is  made  as of  April 14th, 2020  (the "Effective  Date  ") by and between Anixa Biosciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation,  located  at 3150 Almaden Expressway, Suite 250, San Jose, CA 95118, U.S.A. ("Anixa"), and OntoChem GmbH, a German limited liability company,  located  at Blücherstr. 24, D-06120 Halle (Saale), Germany ("OntoChem"). Anixa and OntoChem are  referred  to herein individually as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties."

WHEREAS, the Parties  wish  to  collaborate  in the discovery and development of novel drug candidates for the treatment of COVID-19 in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual promises set forth in this Agreement, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby  acknowledged  , the Parties  agree  as  follows  :

1.  Defined  Terms. 1.1 "Affiliate" means, with respect to a Party, any entity directly or indirectly controlled by, controlling or under common control with such Party. For purposes of this definition, "control" means (a) ownership of fifty percent (50%) (or such lesser percentage which is the maximum allowed to be owned by a foreign entity or investor in a particular jurisdiction) or more of the outstanding voting stock or other ownership interest of an entity, or (b) possession of the power to (i) elect, appoint, direct or remove fifty percent (50%) or more of the members of the board of directors or other governing body of an entity or (ii) otherwise direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of an entity by contract or otherwise. 1.2 "Hit Compound" means any chemical entity that is determined in performing the Research Plan to meet the Hit Criteria. 1.3 "Hit Criteria" means the criteria identified as "Hit Criteria" as set forth in the Research Plan. 1.4 "Invention" means any invention, know-how, data, discovery or proprietary information, whether or not patentable, that is made or generated solely by the Representatives of Anixa or OntoChem or jointly by the Representatives of Anixa and OntoChem in performing the Research Plan, including all intellectual property rights in the foregoing. 1.5 "Representative" means, with respect to a Party, an officer, director, employee, agent or permitted subcontractor of such Party. 1.6 "Research Plan" means the research plan attached hereto as Exhibit A. 1





1.7 "SAR" means the relationship between the chemical or three-dimensional structure of a compound and its biological activity, and includes the determination of the chemical groups responsible for evoking a target biological effect. 1.8 "Target" means: (a) any protease of any coronavirus, including Mpro; (b) the Nsp15-pRB ribonuclease protein- protein interaction; (c) all mutants and variants of any molecule or component referenced in clauses (a) or (b); and (d) all truncated forms (including fragments) of any molecule or component referenced in clauses (a) or (b) or mutant or variant referenced in clause (c). 1.9 "Variant" means, with respect to any Hit Compound: (a) all compounds within the genus of compounds to which such Hit Compound would belong under United States patent laws as referenced in the Selection Notice (as defined below); and (b) any base form, metabolite, ester, salt form, racemate, stereoisomer, polymorph, hydrate, anhydride or solvate of such Hit Compound or any other compound described in clause (a) (in the case of this clause (b), without regard to whether such compound is referenced in the Selection Notice). 2. Research Program. 2.1 Performance. The Parties will diligently  perform  their respective activities set forth in the Research Plan (such activities, collectively, the "Research Program") in accordance with the timelines set forth therein, with the objective of  identifying  Hit Compounds and Lead Scaffolds that  modulate  the applicable Target. Without  limiting  the foregoing, OntoChem will (a)  provide  all deliverables set forth in the Research Plan (each, a "Deliverable") and (b)  obtain  any authorizations, approvals and licenses  required  for performance of the Research Plan. If any terms set forth in the Research Plan conflict with the terms set forth in this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement will  control  unless expressly  indicated  to the contrary in the Research Plan. The Research Plan may not be  amended  without the prior  written  consent of both Parties. If, from time to time, the Parties  desire  to  expand  the scope of the Research Program, then they will  negotiate  in good faith a potential amendment of the Research Plan in regard to such  expanded  scope, on commercially reasonable terms, but neither Party will be  obligated  to  enter  into any such amendment. 2.2 Weekly Updates. OntoChem will  provide  Anixa with  weekly  (or more frequently as  requested  ) updates  regarding  its progress under the Research Program via teleconference, videoconference or e-mail, and the Parties will  make  appropriate personnel available in a timely manner to  discuss  and  provide  feedback in regard to such updates. 2.3 Delivery of Data. In conjunction with each  weekly  update  described  in Section 2.2, OntoChem will  deliver  to Anixa all data  generated  under the Research Plan since the  preceding  update. In addition, Anixa will have the right to reasonably  request  additional information  relating  to such data, and OntoChem will  respond  to such requests promptly with any such additional information in its possession or control,  provided  that, for clarity, OntoChem will not be  required  to  perform  any new or additional research in order to  generate  any such additional information. 2





2.4 Selection of Lead Scaffolds. Within  one year   following  completion of all activities under the Research Plan (the "Selection Deadline"), Anixa, in good faith consultation with OntoChem, will have the right to  select  up to two hundred (200) Hit Compounds (each, a "Selected Hit Compound"), by  providing  OntoChem with written notice of such Selected Hit Compound(s) (the "Selection Notice"), and each  Selected  Hit Compound, along with all Variants of such Selected Hit Compound  referenced  in the Selection Notice, is hereby  designated  as a "Lead Scaffold" under this Agreement.  Commencing  upon selection of a Selected Hit Compound, Anixa (itself and through its Affiliates and designees) will have sole authority over and control of the further development, manufacture, and commercialization of the corresponding Lead Scaffold and any product candidate or product  incorporating  a compound from such Lead Scaffold.  Following  the Selection Deadline, Anixa will have no further rights with respect to any Hit Compound that is not a Selected Hit Compound or  included  within a Lead Scaffold (each, a "Rejected Hit Compound"),  provided  that, during the period of two (2)  years   following  the Selection Deadline, neither OntoChem nor any of its Affiliates will  use  or  disclose  to any third party any Rejected Hit Compound or any Variant thereof,  including  the identity, structure or SAR information of any such compound, for application as anti-viral agents or protease inhibitors, for purposes of  modulating  any Target or for treatment of virus- related  conditions. In case OntoChem  finds  a novel and unexpected antiviral use of those  Rejected   Hit  Compounds during this  2-years period , it will  notify  Anixa about these findings and Anixa has the right of first negotiation during a period of  6 months  after this notification. If Anixa  decides  to not  license  those uses or compounds for this novel antiviral use, OntoChem is free to  develop  those molecules further as its own intellectual property without any further restrictions. 2.5 Subcontractors. OntoChem may  engage  one or more subcontractors to  perform  its activities under the Research Plan with the prior  written  approval of Anixa and  provided  that, with respect to any such subcontractor, OntoChem will (a) be responsible and liable for the performance of such subcontractor and (b)  enter  into a  written  agreement (i) consistent with terms and conditions of this Agreement,  including  with respect to confidentiality and intellectual property, and (ii)  prohibiting  such subcontractor from further subcontracting. For clarity, vendors where commercial building blocks or compounds will be  purchased  are nor  regarded  as subcontractors. 2.6 Target Exclusivity. During the  term  of this Agreement, except in the performance of its obligations or exercise of its rights under this Agreement, neither OntoChem nor any of its Affiliates will  discover  ,  research  ,  develop  ,  manufacture  or  commercialize  any compound or product  directed  to any Target, either independently or for or in collaboration with a third party ( including  the grant of a license to any third party), or have any of the foregoing activities  performed  on behalf of OntoChem or any of its Affiliates by a third party. For clarity, the foregoing  includes  the screening ( including  via computational methods) of any compound library or virtual compound library against any Target. 2.7 Records. Each Party will  maintain  complete and accurate records of all activities  performed  by or on behalf of such Party under the Research Program and all Inventions  made  or  generated  by or on behalf of such Party in the performance of the Research Program. Such records will be in sufficient detail and in good scientific manner appropriate for patent and regulatory purposes. Each Party will  provide  the other Party with the right to  inspect  such records, and upon request will  provide  copies of all such records, to the extent reasonably  required  for the exercise or performance of such other Party's rights or obligations under this Agreement,  provided  that any information  disclosed  under this Section 2.7 will be subject to the terms and conditions of Section 5. Each Party will  retain  such records for at least three (3)  years   following  expiration or termination of this Agreement or such longer period as may be  required  by applicable law or regulation. 3





2.8 Debarment. Each Party hereby  represents  and warrants to the other Party that neither it nor any of its Affiliates or personnel has been  debarred  under any health care laws or regulations and that, to its knowledge, no investigations, claims or proceedings with respect to debarment are  pending  or  threatened  against such Party or any of its Affiliates or personnel. Neither Party nor any of its Affiliates will  use  in any capacity, in connection with the Research Program, any person or entity who has been  debarred  . Each Party  agrees  and  undertakes  to promptly  notify  the other Party if such Party or any of its Affiliates or personnel  becomes   debarred  or proceedings have been  initiated  against any of them with respect to debarment, whether such debarment or initiation of proceedings  occurs  during or after the  term  of this Agreement. 3. Financial Terms. 3.1 Research Program Payments. In consideration for OntoChem's performance of its activities under the Research Plan, Anixa will:

(a)  pay  OntoChem 100,002 Euros in six (6) equal installments as  follows  : (i) 16,667 Euros within five (5)  days  after the Effective  Date  ; and (ii) five (5) installments in the amount of 16,667 Euros on each  one-month  anniversary of the Effective  Date  , except that the last such payment will be due within thirty (30)  days  after completion of all activities under the Research Plan; and

(b)  reimburse  OntoChem for its out-of-pocket expenses  incurred  in  performing  the Research Plan on a pass- through basis without mark-up, within thirty (30)  days  after delivery of an invoice therefore ( including  reasonable  supporting  documentation),  provided  that Anixa has  approved  such expenses in advance and in writing ( including  in regard to the selection of specific Hit Compounds to be  synthesized  and  analyzed  in biological assays). It is  estimated  that OntoChem's out-of-pocket expenses under the Research Plan will  include  110,000 Euros payable to Tube Pharmaceuticals GmbH as a subcontractor of OntoChem, subject to Section 2.5. (c) High-throughput screening compounds

OntoChem will forward a commercial proposal to  acquire  these compounds at the sole discretion of Anixa. Both parties will  agree  on payment conditions. (d) Extra custom synthesis

OntoChem will forward a commercial proposal to have  synthesized  these compounds at the sole discretion of Anixa. Both parties will  agree  on payment conditions. (e) Biological testing

OntoChem will forward a commercial proposal to have biologically  test  these compounds at the sole discretion of Anixa. Both parties will  agree  on payment conditions. 3.2 Lead Scaffold Payments. For each Lead Scaffold  selected  by Anixa, Anixa will  pay  OntoChem an  annual  fee of 10,000 U.S. Dollars, payable within thirty (30)  days   following  each anniversary of the date of the Selection Notice, until five (5)  years  after the first commercial sale of the first product  incorporating  a compound from such Lead Scaffold, subject to Section 4.3 with respect to any Terminated Scaffold (as  defined  below). 3.3 Milestone Payment. Anixa will  pay  OntoChem a one-time milestone payment of 300,000 U.S. Dollars within thirty (30)  days   following  the dosing of the first patient in the first human clinical trial for the first product  incorporating  a compound from a Lead Scaffold. 4





3.4 Payment Terms. Payments to OntoChem will be  made  by check or by wire transfer of immediately available funds to such bank account as  designated  in writing by OntoChem from time to time. Taxes (and any penalties and interest thereon)  imposed  on any payment  made  by Anixa to OntoChem will be the responsibility of OntoChem. The fees for the respective bank transfers will be  borne  by Anixa. 3.5 Financial Records. OntoChem will  maintain  complete and accurate books and accounting records  related  to all out-of-pocket expenses  incurred  in  performing  the Research Plan. These records will be available for inspection during regular business hours upon reasonable notice by Anixa, or its duly  authorized  representative, at Anixa's expense, for three (3)  years   following  the end of the calendar  year  in which such expenses are  invoiced  . If it is  determined  that Anixa has  overpaid  for any expenses  passed  through by OntoChem under this Agreement, OntoChem will promptly  reimburse  Anixa for the amount of such overpayment and, if such overpayment  represents  more than five percent (5%) of the corresponding amount due, OntoChem will  pay  Anixa's reasonable fees and expenses  incurred  in connection with such inspection. 4.  Term  and Termination. 4.1  Term  . Unless earlier  terminated  in accordance with Section 4.2 or 4.3, this Agreement will be in effect from the Effective  Date  until completion of the Research Program. 4.2 Termination by Anixa. This Agreement may be  terminated  by Anixa, without cause, upon at least thirty (30)  days   written  notice to OntoChem. 4.3 Termination of Lead Scaffolds.
