
VIRTUAL ITEM  PROCESSING  SYSTEMS, INC.  2525  Northwest Expressway, #105   Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73112

OUTSOURCING AGREEMENT   BETWEEN   VIRTUAL ITEM  PROCESSING  SYSTEMS, INC. And   BROKERS NATIONAL LIFE ASSURANCE COMPANY

E - 4







OUTSOURCING AGREEMENT   This Outsourcing Agreement (" Agreement") is  executed  as of this 1 st   day  of  May 2006 , by and between Virtual Item Processing Systems, Inc. ("VIP"), with its principal place of office at  2525  NW Expressway, Suite 105 Oklahoma City,  Oklahoma 73112, and Brokers National Life Assurance Company ("BNL"), with its principal place of office at 7010 Hwy. 71 W., Suite 100, Austin, Texas 78735. WHEREAS, VIP is  engaged  in the business of  providing  Electronic Data Processing services ("EDP Services") and related consultation and services to insurance companies pursuant to computer software systems  developed  and  owned  by VIP , (the "VIP System");   WHEREAS, BNL is an insurance company  domiciled  in the State of Arkansas and  licensed  to  do  business in numerous additional states; and   WHEREAS, VIP desires to  provide  EDP Services to BNL; and   WHEREAS, BNL desires to  obtain  EDP services from VIP for the processing and administration of its insurance policies;   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the above premises and in consideration of other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency is hereby  acknowledged  , the parties  agree  as  follows  :   1. PURCHASE OF EQUIPMENT. BNL at its expense shall  obtain  ,  install  ,  maintain  and  upgrade  as necessary any and all hardware, software, data and telephone lines, other communications equipment and any other equipment (hereinafter collectively  referred  to as the "Equipment") which it  determines  is necessary to  allow  it to  use  and  access  the VIP System pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Such Equipment shall be fully compatible with the VIP System. VIP will  provide  BNL such information as is reasonably necessary to  allow  BNL to  acquire  all such Equipment which  meets  the requirements of this paragraph. If  requested  by BNL and at BNL's expense, VIP shall  inspect  all such Equipment and  acknowledge  its compatibility in writing prior to its use with the VIP System. 2. VIP's EQUIPMENT AND SERVICES. A. During the  term  of this Agreement, VIP shall  provide  BNL such access as necessary to the VIP System to  allow  BNL to  attach  one data communication line and up to seventy (70) addressable data communications devices to  said  VIP System. Should BNL  desire  to  attach  additional communication lines or additional communication devices to the VIP System, BNL shall  pay  to  VIP  the additional fees set forth in paragraph 5(F) of this Agreement. B. VIP, at its sole discretion and expense, may, but is not  obligated  to,  make  appropriate enhancements to the VIP System. Any such enhancements shall be  deemed  to be  included  in the EDP Services and VIP System to be  provided  to BNL, whether  developed  by VIP before or during the time when services are to be  provided  by VIP pursuant to this Agreement. During the  term  of this Agreement, VIP shall be responsible at its expense for the proper maintenance and documentation of the VIP System. 3 .SCHEDULED AND  UNSCHEDULED  DOWN TIME. BNL  acknowledges  that there will be  scheduled  downtime for the routine preventive maintenance of VIP's System  performed  by either VIP or its vendors. VIP shall  give  BNL reasonable advance notice of all such scheduled downtime. BNL further  acknowledges  that there will also be  unscheduled  down-time that might  occur  as a result of electrical power failures and equipment failures and other acts outside of the control of VIP as  contemplated  in paragraph 16(J). In the event that any such down-time  extends  for more than two (2) consecutive working  days  , VIP, at its expense, will  make  available to BNL access to a backup facility  designated  by VIP for the  continued  processing of BNL's business. To  ensure  that a backup facility will be available in

E - 5







  case of such a failure, VIP will  maintain  disaster and/or business interruption insurance adequate to  establish  alternate site processing, as  provided  for in paragraph 12(A) of this Agreement. 4. INCLUDED SERVICES IN THE VIP SYSTEM. It is  agreed  and  understood  by BNL that:   A. It has  reviewed  and  inspected  the VIP System  existing  as of the Effective  Date  of this Agreement, which VIP System  includes  (i) a New Business System, (ii) a Policy Administration System, (iii) an Agency Administration System, (iv) a Financial  Administration System. (v) a Claims System, (vi) a Vendor Provider System, (vii) a Transaction Tracking System and (viii) a Mail Tracking System;   B. Such VIP System as  identified  in paragraph 4(A) is adequate to  meet  the needs of BNL;   C. VIP shall  provide  EDP Services to BNL for such Initial Policies and policies identical thereto and renewals thereof by the use of such VIP System  existing  as of the Effective  Date  of this Agreement, except as such VIP System may be  modified  from time to time by VIP , at the discretion of VIP;   D. BNL has  reviewed  the security system (Security System")  included  in the VIP System  existing  as of the Effective  Date  of this Agreement;   E. BNL  acknowledges  and  agrees  that such Security System is adequate to  protect  the confidential information and data of BNL  processed  by the VIP System;   F. BNL, throughout the  term  of this Agreement, shall be solely responsible for  choosing  ,  implementing  and  utilizing  any or all of such of the security measures and protections  offered  by  said  Security System for the use of or access to the VIP System by any of its officers, directors, shareholders, employees and agents;   G. VIP shall not have any duty to either  monitor  or  enforce  such security measures and protections  chosen  ,  implemented  or  utilized  by BNL; H. E - 6







BNL shall be solely responsible for any acts or omissions of any of its officers, directors, shareholders, employees and agents;   I. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, VIP at any time during the  term  of this Agreement may  change  the platform upon which the VIP System is  operated  and through which the EDP Services are  provided  to BNL by VIP under this Agreement. Before VIP shall  make  such platform change VIP shall  give  BNL prior reasonable written notice of such change, and VIP's warranties under this Agreement shall  continue  notwithstanding such change and VIP  agrees  to  pay  any cost  created  for or  imposed  on BNL for equipment, training or similar matters  arising  from such change. 5. PAYMENTS TO VIP. A. For EDP Services  provided  pursuant to this Agreement, BNL will  pay  to  VIP  the charges set forth in the Payment Schedule  attached  hereto as Schedule B:  provided  however and notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein. The minimum  monthly  fee shall not be less than five thousand dollars ($5,000) per  month  (as applicable, "Minimum Fee"). B. For any additional VIP Services  provided  hereunder, BNL will  pay  to  VIP  the charges set charges set forth in the Payment Schedule  attached  hereto as Schedule A. C. The fees due hereunder are subject to the  following  provisions:   1. The fee for each new policy  submitted  into the VIP System is set forth in Schedule B. 2. VIP will  process  all policies that have thirteen (13) or more  months   expired  from their original policy date at the  annual  rates set forth in Schedule B. with a separate fee for each renewal base policy and each rider, for each plan,  prorated  to the actual number of  months  each policy is  represented  to be in force on the VIP System. Such representation of "policy status"  includes  the "grace period" and "Late payment  offer  " that each policy may  enjoy  and in which case  exceeds  a time frame not  bound  by each policy's actual  paid  for period. The payment amount for each group of policies in a rate category will be  calculated  by  determining  the actual number of policies and riders in force that are  included  in the rate category, as set forth in Schedule B at the end of each calendar  month  and then  multiplying  the number of policies by the base policy renewal amount and the number of riders by the rider renewal amount then  adding  the totals together and  dividing  the  resulting  amount by twelve (12). The amounts  calculated  for all rate categories are  added  together and this amount is the fee payable in advance at the beginning of the  month  . 3. VIP shall not be  obligated  to  process  any  amended  policies or new products that

E - 7







are  written  or  acquired  by BNL unless and until the parties hereto have mutually  executed  a  written  addendum to this Agreement  modifying  Schedule B to  include  the fees for any such products. D. Any sum due VIP hereunder for which a time for payment is not otherwise specified will be due and payable within ten (10)  days  after the date of the postmark for an invoice therefor from VIP. If BNL  fails  to  pay  any amount due within ten (10)  days  from the date of the postmark for the invoice, late charges of 1-1/2% per  month  , or the maximum amount allowable by law, whichever is less, shall also  become  payable by BNL to VIP. E. In addition to the communication line and devices which BNL is  authorized  to  attach  to the VIP System pursuant to paragraph 2 of this Agreement, BNL may, for the  monthly  fee(s) hereinafter set forth,  attach  additional communication lines or the  following  devices to the VIP System. The  monthly  fee(s) for such additional lines) or devices is as  follows  :   1. each communication line and  adapter  $200,   2. each visual station whether CRT, PC or similar device $25, 3. each addressable printer under 299 lines per minute ("LPM") $25   4. each addressable printer over 299 LPM $150. F. There are certain other expenses which are directly  related  to VIP's performance of this Agreement that are directly billable by VIP and payable by BNL. The purpose and intent of this provision is not to  describe  all  contemplated  charges  covered  by this provision, but rather to  identify  some of the charges that may  fall  into this category . Such charges  include  but are not limited to the  following  :     1. Cost of all business forms, continuous or non-continuous  used  by BNL;     2. All telephone calls  initiated  on behalf of BNL business and operations;   3. All travel, food and lodging expenses  incurred  by VIP personnel  related  to the performance of this Agreement, subject to BNL's prior  written  approval;   4. All postage and shipping expenses for materials  used  by BNL;   5. All expenses  incurred  for computer output micro-film "COM" which is  contracted  by VIP with a service bureau independent of VIP , subject to BNL' s prior  written  approval;   6. Any other charges directly  related  to BNL ' use or benefit of the VIP System pursuant to this Agreement is subject to BNL ' prior  written  approval. G. All sums due under this Agreement are payable in U.S. dollars. 6. PROPRIETARY AND RELATED RIGHTS. A. CLIENT DATA. Any original documents or files  provided  to VIP hereunder by BNL ("BNL Data") are and shall  remain  BNL's property and, upon the termination of this Agreement for any reason, such BNL Data will be  returned  to BNL by VIP, subject to

E - 8







the terms hereof. Subject to paragraphs 4(F) and (G), VIP  agrees  to  make  the same effort to  safeguard  such BNL Data as it  does  in  protecting  its own proprietary information. BNL Data will not be  utilized  by VIP for any purpose other than those purposes  related  to  rendering  EDP Services to BNL under this Agreement, nor will BNL Data or any part thereof be  disclosed  to third parties by VIP , its employees or agents except for purposes  related  to VIP's rendering ofEDP Services to BNL under this Agreement or as  required  by law, regulation, or  order of a court or regulatory agency or other authority  having  jurisdiction thereover. Notwithstanding the foregoing, VIP shall have the right to  retain  in its possession all work papers and files  prepared  by it in performance of EDP Services hereunder which may  include  necessary copies of BNL Data. VIP shall have access to BNL Data, at reasonable times, during the  term  of this Agreement and thereafter for purposes  related  to VIP's 'rendering of EDP Services to BNL pursuant to this Agreement, or as  required  by law, regulation or order of a  court or regulatory agency or other authority  having  jurisdiction thereover. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the confidentiality obligations set forth in this paragraph will not  apply  to any information which (i) is or  becomes  publicly available without breach of this Agreement, (ii) is independently  developed  by VIP outside the scope of this Agreement and without reference to the confidential information  received  under this Agreement, or (iii) is rightfully  obtained  by VIP from third parties which are not  obligated  to  protect  its confidentiality. 7. TERMINATION FOR CAUSE. This Agreement may be  terminated  by the non-  breaching  party upon any of the  following  events:   A. In the event that BNL  fails  to  pay  any sums of money due to VIP hereunder and  does  not  cure  such default within thirty (30)  days  after receipt of written notice of such nonpayment from VIP ,  provided  that if BNL  notifies  VIP in writing that BNL  disputes  a billing and BNL  pays  any undisputed portion of such billing VIP shall not  institute  formal proceedings by arbitration or judicial review or  terminate  this Agreement with respect to such  disputed  billing until after VIP has  afforded  BNL an opportunity for a meeting to  discuss  such dispute. B. In the event that a party hereto  breaches  any of the material terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement (other than a breach under paragraph (A) above) and  fails  to  cure  the same within thirty (30)  days  after receipt of written notice of such breach from the non-breaching party. C. In the event that a party hereto  becomes  or is  declared  insolvent or bankrupt, is the subject of any proceedings  relating  to its liquidation, insolvency or for the appointment of a receiver or similar officer for it,  makes  an assignment for the benefit of all or substantially all of its creditors, or  enters  into an agreement for the composition, extension, or readjustment of all or substantially all of its obligations or admits of its general inability to  pay  its debts as they  become  due. D. In the event of termination under this section, VIP will  give  BNL, at its request and

E - 9







direction, such copies of BNL data  maintained  on the VIIP system in a format and in a manner as  designated  by BNL. BNL shall  pay  a fee to VIP for  preparing  such data. Such fee shall be $100 per hour for programming time and $150 per hour computer processing time. 8. INDEMNIFICATION. A.
