
Exhibit 8.77 SERVICING AGREEMENT NATIONWIDE MUTUAL FUNDS Agreement,  made  as of  this day  of , 20 between Nationwide Fund Management LLC ("Nationwide"), on behalf of Nationwide Mutual Funds or its  surviving  entity ("the Trust"), and American United Life Insurance Company, and OneAmerica Securities, Inc., a  registered  Broker Dealer (collectively  referred  to as "Servicing Agent," "you" or "your"), whereby you  agree  to  provide  certain administrative support services to your customers who may from time to time be the record or beneficial owners of shares (such shares  referred  to herein as the "Shares") of the funds  listed  in Appendix A (each a "Fund") subject to the  following  terms and conditions: 1. Administrative Support Services You  agree  to  provide  administrative support services, directly or through an affiliate/designee, to your customers who may from time to time own of record or beneficially a Fund's Shares. Services  provided  may  include  , but are not  limited  to, some or all of the following: (i)  processing  dividend and distribution payments from the Fund on behalf of customers; (ii)  providing  periodic statements to your customers  showing  their positions in the Shares or share equivalents; (iii)  arranging  for bank wires; (iv)  responding  to routine customer inquiries  relating  to services  performed  by you; (v)  providing  sub-accounting or sub-transfer agency services with respect to the Shares beneficially  owned  by your customers or the information necessary for sub-accounting or sub-transfer agency services; (vi) if  required  by law,  forwarding  shareholder communications from the Fund (such as proxies, shareholder reports,  annual  and semi- annual  financial statements and dividend, distribution and tax notices) to your customers; (vii) forwarding to customers proxy statements and proxies  containing  any proposals  regarding  this Agreement or the Administrative Services Plan related hereto; (viii) aggregating and processing purchase, exchange, and redemption requests from customers and  placing  net purchase, exchange, and redemption orders for your customers; (ix)  providing  customers with a service that  invests  the assets of their accounts in the Shares pursuant to specific or preauthorized instructions; (x)  establishing  and  maintaining  customer accounts and records  related  to customer accounts and/or transactions in the Shares; (xi)  assisting  customers in  changing  dividend or distribution options, account designations and addresses; or (xii) other similar services if  requested  by the Funds. In  providing  administrative support services, you  agree  to  follow  any  written  guidelines or standards  relating  to the processing of purchase, exchange and redemption orders for your customers as we may  provide  to you  including  the provisions  outlined  in Appendix B. All purchase and redemption orders will be  executed  at net asset value, plus or minus any applicable sales charges, in accordance with the terms and conditions of a Fund's then  current  prospectus and Statement of Additional Information. You  represent  and  warrant  that your internal controls for accepting, processing and transmitting purchase, exchange and redemption orders are reasonably  designed  to  ensure  that you  comply  with Section 22(c) of the Investment Company Act of  1940  (the " 1940  Act") and Rule 22c-1 thereunder. 2. Office Space You will  provide  such office space and equipment, telephone facilities and personnel (which may be any part of the space, equipment and facilities  currently   used  in your business, or any personnel  employed  by you) as may be reasonably necessary or beneficial in order to  provide  the aforementioned services to customers.  March 2015 





3. Representations About the Funds and Shares Neither you nor any of your officers, employees or agents are  authorized  to  make  any representations  concerning  the Funds or their Shares except those  contained  in the then- current  prospectuses or then- current  Statements of Additional Information for such shares, copies of which will be  supplied  by the Fund's distributor (the "Distributor") to you, or in such supplemental literature or advertising as may be  authorized  by the Distributor in writing. 4. Independent Contractor and Limited Agency You will be  deemed  to be an independent contractor, and will have no authority to  act  as agent for either Nationwide or the Funds in any matter or in any respect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Nationwide, on behalf of each Fund,  appoints  you as each Fund's agent for the limited purpose of  accepting  orders for purchase, redemption and exchange of Shares, and receipt of such orders by you therefore shall  constitute  receipt by the applicable Fund of such orders for purposes of  determining  the price per Share at which such orders will be  executed  , in accordance with Rule 22c-1 under the  1940  Act. Except as specifically set forth herein, nothing in this Agreement will be  deemed  or  construed  to  make  you a partner, employee, representative or agent of Nationwide or any Fund or to  create  a partnership, joint venture, syndicate or association between you and us. 5. Indemnification By your  written  acceptance of this Agreement, you  agree  to and  do   release  ,  indemnify  and  hold  Nationwide and the Funds harmless from and against any and all direct or indirect liabilities or losses  resulting  from requests, directions, actions or inactions of or by you or your officers, employees or agents  regarding  your responsibilities hereunder or the purchase, redemption, transfer or registration of the Shares by or on behalf of customers. In turn, Nationwide, on behalf of the Funds,  agrees  to and  does   release  ,  indemnify  and  hold  you and your affiliates harmless from and against any and all direct or indirect liabilities or losses  resulting  from directions, actions or inactions of or by Nationwide, the Funds, or their respective officers, employees or agents  regarding  their responsibilities pursuant to this Agreement. 6. Compensation In consideration for the services and facilities  provided  by you hereunder, Nationwide (on behalf of the Funds) will  pay  to you, and you will  accept  as full payment therefore, a fee at the  annual  rate  designated  in Appendix A of the average  daily  net assets of a Fund's Shares  owned  of record or beneficially by your customers from time to time for which you  provide  administrative support services hereunder. Such fee will be  computed   daily  and payable  monthly  by Nationwide within thirty (30)  days  of receipt from you of a valid invoice (in excel format) that  identifies  , for each CUSIP of each Fund, the number of sub-accounts, participants or beneficial shareholders  serviced  by you and such other information as may be necessary to  validate  the fee payable. The fee rate  stated  above may be prospectively  increased  or  decreased  by the Funds and/or Nationwide, in their sole discretion, at any time upon notice to you. Further, Nationwide or a Fund may, in its sole discretion and without notice,  suspend  or  withdraw  the sale of such Shares,  including  the sale of such Shares to you for the account of any customer(s). Nationwide, in its sole discretion, may  arrange  for the payment to you of the fees under this Agreement directly by the Funds rather than through Nationwide. Quarterly and Other Reports 2





You  agree  to  provide  all such information as is reasonably necessary for the Board of Trustees of the Trust to  review  , at least quarterly, a  written  report of the amounts of compensation  received  by you hereunder and the services  provided  for which you  received  such compensation. In addition, you will  furnish  Nationwide with such information as Nationwide or the Funds may reasonably  request  ( including  , without limitation, periodic certifications  confirming  the provision to customers of some or all of the services  described  herein), and will otherwise  cooperate  with Nationwide and the Funds ( including  , without limitation, any auditors  designated  by the Funds), in connection with the preparation of reports to the Trust's Board of Trustees  concerning  this Agreement and the monies  paid  or payable by Nationwide on behalf of the Funds pursuant hereto, as well as any other reports or filings that may be  required  by law. You  agree  , upon the reasonable request of Nationwide, to  provide  access during normal business hours to your facilities and records  related  to the services  provided  and the compensation payable hereunder, and to  permit  Nationwide to  review  the quality of such services  provided  and to  respond  to requests of the Trust's Board of Trustees. Nationwide  agrees  that all records  obtained  in connection with access to your facilities is your property and to  maintain  the confidentiality thereof. In particular, Nationwide  agrees  that no person  having  access to such records may  use  such records or information to  solicit  , directly or indirectly, any of your customers for any purpose. 7. Non-Exclusivity Both parties may  enter  into other similar Servicing Agreements with any other person or persons without the other's consent. 8. Representations and Warranties By your  written  acceptance of this Agreement, you  represent  ,  warrant  and  agree  that: (i) all compensation payable to you hereunder is for administrative support services only; (ii) in no event will any of the compensation payable by Nationwide or the services  provided  by you hereunder be primarily  intended  to  result  in the sale of any Shares  issued  by a Fund; (iii) the compensation payable to you  hereunder  , together with any other compensation you  receive  from customers for services  contemplated  by this Agreement, will to the extent  required  be  disclosed  to your customers, and will not be excessive or unreasonable under the laws and instruments  governing  your relationships with your customers; and (iv) if you are subject to laws  governing  , among other things, the conduct of activities by federally chartered and  supervised  banks and other  affiliated  banking organizations, you will  perform  only those activities which are consistent with your statutory and regulatory obligations. 9. Termination This Agreement will  become  effective on the date a fully  executed  copy of this Agreement is  received  by Nationwide. This Agreement may be  terminated  as to the payments  made  on behalf of the Funds at any time, without the payment of any penalty, by the vote of a majority of the members of the Board of Trustees and who have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of the Administrative Services Plan or in any related agreements to the Administrative Services Plan ("Disinterested Trustees") or by a majority of the outstanding voting securities of a Fund, on at least sixty (60)  days   written  notice to the parties to this Agreement. In addition, either you or Nationwide may  terminate  this Agreement (i) upon the material breach of this Agreement by the other or (ii) for any reason on at least ninety (90)  days   written  notice to the other party. 3





In the event this Agreement is  terminated  as  described  herein, the indemnification provisions  contained  in this Agreement shall  continue  until the possibilities for damages or loss have  expired  . 10. Notices All notices and other communications to either you or Nationwide will be duly  given  if  mailed  ,  telegraphed  ,  telexed  or  transmitted  by similar telecommunications device to the address  contained  in the "Acceptance of Agreement" (Section 19) portion of this Agreement. 11. Choice of Law This Agreement will be  construed  in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware and is assignable only upon the  written  consent by all the parties  hereto  . Amendments will be  made  only upon  written  consent by both parties. 12. Board Approval The Administrative Services Plan that  relates  to this Agreement has been  approved  by vote of a majority of (i) the Board of Trustees and (ii) the Disinterested Trustees,  cast  in person at a meeting  called  for the purpose of  voting  on such approval. 13.  Trust  Disclosure The  term  "Nationwide Mutual Funds"  refers  to the Trust  created  by, and the terms "Board of Trustees" and "Trustees" refer to the Trustees, as trustees but not individually or personally,  acting  from time to time under, the Amended and Restated Agreement and Declaration of Trust  made  and  dated  as of  October 28, 2004 , as has been or may be  amended  and/or  restated  from time to time ("Agreement and Declaration of Trust"), and to which reference is hereby  made  . Nothing herein  contained  shall be  deemed  to  require  the Trust to  take  any action contrary to the Trust's Agreement and Declaration of Trust or By-Laws, or any applicable statutory or regulatory requirement to which the Trust is subject or by which the Trust is  bound  , or to  relieve  or  deprive  the Trust's Board of Trustees of the Board's responsibility for and control of the conduct of the affairs of the Trust. 14. Complete Agreement This Agreement supersedes and  cancels  any prior Servicing Agreement with respect to the Shares of a Fund  listed  in Exhibit A, and may be  amended  at any time and from time to time by  written  agreement of the parties  hereto  . Notwithstanding the foregoing, Nationwide may  amend  or  modify  the Exhibits  incorporated  herein, as  provided  throughout this Agreement, by  providing  new exhibits to you. However, such amendment shall only  become  effective and part of this Agreement and be  considered  binding upon the first transaction  placed  by you  following  receipt of the new exhibits. 15. Privacy Program Each party to this Agreement  agrees  to  protect  Customer Information ( defined  below) and to  comply  as may be necessary with requirements of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, the relevant state and federal regulations pursuant thereto,  including  Regulation S-P, and state privacy laws (all the foregoing  referred  to as "Privacy Law"). 4





Customer Information means any information contained on an application of a customer ("Customer") of a Fund or other form and all nonpublic personal information about a Customer that a party receives from the other party. Customer Information  includes  , by way of example and not limitation, name, address, telephone number, social security number, date of birth and personal financial information. The parties shall  establish  and  maintain  safeguards against the unauthorized access, destruction, loss or alteration of Customer Information in their control, which are no less rigorous than those  maintained  by a party for its own information of a similar nature. In the event of any improper disclosure of any Customer Information, the party responsible for the disclosure will immediately  notify  the other party. The Servicing Agent  represents  that it has  implemented  and  maintains  a comprehensive  written  information security program that  contains  appropriate security measures to  safeguard  Customer Information that the Servicing Agent  receives  , stores, maintains, processes or otherwise accesses in connection with the provision of services hereunder,  including   protecting  such Customer Information against cyber attack. The provisions of this Privacy Program section shall  survive  the termination of the Agreement. 16. Anti-Money Laundering Program Nationwide and the Funds will  rely  upon you to  establish  a  written  Anti-Money Laundering Program (the "Program") to  include  policies, procedures, and controls that  comply  with the Uniting and  Strengthening  America by  Providing  Appropriate Tools  Required  to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act (USA Patriot Act) of  2001 , ("the ACT") and the Bank Secrecy Act of  1970  ("BSA"). Each party to this Agreement  acknowledges  ,  represents  , and warrants that it has  adopted  and  implemented  an Anti-Money Laundering Program that  complies  and will  continue  to  comply  with all aspects and requirements of the ACT, the BSA, and all other applicable anti-money laundering laws and regulations. Upon request, you shall promptly  certify  to  having  such Program that  complies  with and  continues  to  comply  with all aspects and requirements of the ACT, the BSA, and all other applicable federal, state and local anti-money laundering laws and regulations.
