
Exhibit 1.1

Blue Hills Bancorp, Inc. up to 24,150,000 Shares (subject to  increase  up to 27,772,500 shares)

SHARES ($0.01 Par Value)

Subscription Price $10.00 Per Share

 AGENCY  AGREEMENT

 May 14, 2014 

Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. 10 South Wacker Drive Investment Banking, Suite 3400 Chicago, Illinois 60606

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Blue Hills Bancorp, Inc. (the "Holding Company"), a newly  formed  Maryland corporation, Hyde Park Bancorp, MHC, a Massachusetts­  chartered  mutual  holding  company (the "MHC"), Hyde Park Bancorp, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the "Mid­Tier"), and Blue Hills Bank, a Massachusetts­chartered stock savings bank (the "Bank" and together with the Holding Company, the MHC and the Mid­Tier, the "Blue Hills Parties"), hereby  confirm  their agreement with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. (the "Agent") as  follows  :

Section 1. The Offering. The MHC, in accordance with the plan of conversion as  adopted  by the Boards of Directors of each of the Blue Hills Parties (the "Plan"),  intends  to  convert  from the  current  mutual  holding  company form of organization to a stock  holding  company form of organization (the "Conversion"). Pursuant to the Plan, the Holding Company will  offer  and  sell  up to 24,150,000 shares (subject to  increase  up to 27,772,500 shares) of its common stock, $0.01 par value per share (the "Shares"), in a subscription offering (the "Subscription Offering") to (1) depositors of the Bank with Qualifying Deposits (as  defined  in the Plan) as of  February 28, 2013  ("Eligible Account Holders"), (2) the Bank's tax­ qualified employee benefit plans,  including  the employee stock ownership plan  established  by the Bank (the "ESOP"), and (3) employees, officers, directors, trustees and corporators of the Bank, the Mid-Tier and the MHC who  do  not have a higher priority to  purchase  stock. Subject to the prior subscription rights of the above­listed parties, the Holding Company may  offer  for sale in a direct community offering (the "Community Offering" and when  referred  to together with or subsequent to the Subscription Offering, the "Subscription and Community Offering") the Shares not  subscribed  for or  ordered  in the Subscription  Offering  to members of the general public to whom a copy of the Prospectus (as hereinafter  defined  ) is  delivered  with a preference  given  first to natural persons and trusts of natural persons  residing  in the local community as  defined  in the Plan, and thereafter to  cover  orders of other members of the general public. It is  anticipated  that Shares not  subscribed  for in the Subscription and Community Offering may be  offered  to certain members of the general public on a best efforts basis through a  selected  dealers agreement (the "Syndicated Community Offering") or to certain members of the general public in a firm commitment underwritten  offering  (the "Underwritten Offering") with the Agent  acting  as sole book­running manager (the Underwritten Offering, Subscription Offering, Community Offering and Syndicated Community Offering are collectively  referred  to as the "Offering"). It is  acknowledged  that the purchase of Shares in the Offering is subject to the maximum and minimum purchase limitations as  described  in the Plan and that the Holding Company may  reject  , in whole or in part, any order  received  in the Community Offering or Syndicated Community Offering. The Holding Company has  filed  with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission") a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333­194486) (the "Registration Statement"),  containing  a prospectus  relating  to the Subscription and Community Offering, for the registration of the Shares under the Securities Act of  1933  (the " 1933  Act"), and has  filed  such amendments thereof and such  amended  prospectuses as may have been  required  to the date hereof. The  term  "Registration Statement" shall  include  all financial schedules and exhibits thereto, as  amended  ,  including  post-effective amendments. The prospectus, as  amended  , on file with the Commission at the time the Registration Statement initially  became  effective is hereinafter  called  the "Prospectus," except that if any prospectus is  filed  by the Holding Company pursuant to Rule 424(b) or (c) of the rules and regulations of the Commission under the  1933  Act (the " 1933  Act Regulations")  differing  from the prospectus on file at the time the Registration Statement initially  became  effective, the  term  "Prospectus" shall  refer  to the prospectus  filed  pursuant to Rule 424(b) or (c) from and after the time  said  prospectus is  filed  with the Commission. In accordance with the Massachusetts General Laws and the rules and regulations  governing  the conversion of Massachusetts mutual  holding  companies to stock holding companies ( including  , without limitation, Chapter 167H of the Massachusetts General Laws and Chapter 33, Subpart D of the Code of Massachusetts Regulations), as from time to time  amended  or  supplemented  (the "Massachusetts Regulations"), the MHC has  filed  the Plan with the Massachusetts Division of Banks (the "Division") and has  filed  such amendments thereto and supplementary materials as may have been  required  to the date hereof (such application, as  amended  to date, if applicable, and as subsequently  amended  , if applicable, is hereinafter  referred  to as the "Massachusetts Conversion Application"),  including  copies of the MHC's Notice and Information Statement for a Special Meeting of its Corporators  relating  to the Conversion (the "Information Statement"), the Appraisal, and the Prospectus. In addition, the Holding Company has  filed  with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "FRB") an Application to  Become  a Bank Holding Company and/or  Acquire  an Additional Bank or Bank Holding Company on Form FR Y­3 (the "Holding Company Application") to  become  a bank  holding  company under Section 3 of the Bank Holding Company Act of  1956 , as  amended  (the "BHCA"), as in effect at the time and the FRB has  approved  the Holding Company Application. The Massachusetts Conversion Application and the Holding Company Application are collectively  referred  to herein as the "Applications". Section 2. Retention of Agent; Compensation; Sale and Delivery of the Shares. Subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the Blue Hills Parties hereby  appoint  the Agent as their exclusive financial advisor and conversion agent (i) to  utilize  its best efforts to  solicit  subscriptions for Shares and to  advise  and  assist  the Holding Company and the Bank with respect to the sale of the Shares in the Offering and (ii) to  participate  in the Offering in the areas of market making and in syndicate formation or to  act  as sole book- running  manager in the Underwritten Offering (if necessary). On the basis of the representations, warranties, and agreements herein  contained  , but subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the Agent  accepts  such appointment and  agrees  to  consult  with and  advise  the Blue Hills Parties as to the matters set forth in the letter agreements,  dated   October 7, 2013 , among the MHC, the Mid-Tier, the Bank and the Agent (a copy of each of which is  attached  hereto as Exhibit A and Exhibit B). It is  acknowledged  by the Blue Hills Parties that the Agent shall not be  required  to  purchase  any Shares in the Subscription Offering, Community Offering, and Syndicated Community Offering or be  obligated  to  take  any action which is inconsistent with all applicable laws, regulations, decisions or orders. 2





The obligations of the Agent pursuant to this Agreement shall  terminate  upon termination of the Offering, but in no event later than  45 days  after the completion of the Subscription Offering, unless  extended  (the "End  Date  "). All fees or expenses due to the Agent but unpaid will be payable to the Agent in  next day  funds at the earlier of the Closing  Date  (as hereinafter  defined  ) or the End  Date  . In the event the Offering is  extended  beyond the End  Date  , the Blue Hills Parties and the Agent may  agree  to  renew  this Agreement under mutually acceptable terms. In the event the Holding Company is unable to  sell  a minimum of 17,850,000 Shares within the period herein  provided  , this Agreement shall  terminate  and the Holding Company shall  refund  to any persons who have  subscribed  for any of the Shares the full amount which it may have  received  from them plus  accrued  interest, as set forth in the Prospectus; and none of the parties to this Agreement shall have any obligation to the other parties hereunder, except as set forth in this Section 2 and in Sections 7, 9 and 10 hereof. In the event the Offering is  terminated  for any reason not attributable to the action or inaction of the Agent, the Agent shall be  paid  the fees due to the date of such termination pursuant to subparagraphs (a) and (e) below. The Agent shall  receive  the  following  compensation for its services hereunder:

(a) A management fee of $50,000 payable in four installments of $12,500 on the first  day  of  October 2013 ,  December 2013 ,  March 2014  and  June 2014 . Such fees shall be  deemed  to have been  earned  when due. Should the Offering be  terminated  for any reason not attributable to the action or inaction of Agent, Agent shall have  earned  and be  entitled  to be  paid  fees  accruing  through the stage at which point the termination  occurred  . (b) A Success Fee of 0.85% shall be  paid   based  on the aggregate purchase price of the Shares  sold  in the Subscription Offering and the Community  Offering   excluding  shares  purchased  by the Blue Hills Parties' officers, directors, trustees or employees (or members of their immediate family) plus any ESOP, tax-qualified or stock  based  compensation plans or similar plan  created  by the Blue Hills Parties for some or all of their directors or employees or by the foundation (or any shares  contributed  to the foundation). The Management Fee  described  in Section 2(a) above will be  credited  against the Success Fee  paid  pursuant to this paragraph. (c) If any of the Shares  remain  available after the Subscription Offering and Community Offering, at the request of the Holding Company, Agent will  seek  to  form  a syndicate of  registered  broker-dealers to  assist  in the sale of Shares on a best efforts basis, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in a  selected  dealers agreement to be  entered  into between the Holding Company and Agent. Agent will  endeavor  to  distribute  the Shares among dealers in a fashion which best  meets  the distribution objectives of the Holding Company and the Plan. Agent will be  paid  a fee not to  exceed  5.25% of the aggregate Purchase Price of the Shares  sold  in the Syndicated Community Offering. From this fee, Agent will  pass  onto  selected  broker-dealers, who  assist  in the Syndicated Community Offering, an amount competitive with gross underwriting discounts  charged  at such time for comparable amounts of stock  sold  at a comparable price per share in a similar market environment. Fees with respect to purchases  affected  with the assistance of a broker/dealer other than Agent shall be  transmitted  by Agent to such broker/dealer. The decision to  utilize   selected  broker-dealers will be  made  by Agent upon consultation with the Holding Company. (d) The Holding Company may  engage  Agent to  offer  the Shares to certain members of the general public in the Underwritten Offering with Agent  acting  as sole book-running manager. In the event that Agent  sells  Shares in the Underwritten Offering, the underwriting discount will  equal  5.25% of the aggregate Purchase Price of the Shares  sold  in the Underwritten Offering to Agent and to any other broker-dealer  participating  as an underwriter in the Underwritten Offering. 3





(e) If, as a result of any resolicitation of subscribers  undertaken  by the Holding Company, the Agent reasonably  determines  that it is  required  or  requested  to  provide  significant services, the Agent will be  entitled  to additional compensation for such services, which additional compensation will not  exceed  $50,000. (f) The Holding Company shall  reimburse  the Agent for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses,  including  costs of travel, meals and lodging, photocopying, telephone, facsimile and couriers, etc. not to  exceed  $25,000. In addition, the Holding Company will  reimburse  the Agent for fees and expenses of its counsel not to  exceed  $100,000. In the event of unusual circumstances or delays or a re-solicitation in connection with the Offering,  including  in the event of a material delay in the Offering that would  require  an update of the financial information in tabular form to  reflect  a period later than that set forth in the original filing of the Registration Statement, the Agent shall be  reimbursed  for its additional expenses up to a maximum of $10,000 in the case of additional out-of-pocket expenses of the Agent, and up to an additional $25,000 in the case of additional fees and expenses of the Agent's counsel. The Holding Company will  bear  the expenses of the Offering customarily  borne  by issuers  including  , without limitation, regulatory filing fees, SEC, Blue Sky and Financial Institution Regulatory Authority ("FINRA") filing and registration fees; the fees of the Holding Company's accountants, attorneys, appraiser, transfer agent and registrar, printing, mailing and marketing and syndicate expenses  associated  with the Conversion and Offering; and the fees set forth under this Section 2. Conversion Agent Services. The Agent shall also  receive  a fee of $50,000 for certain conversion agent services set forth in the letter agreement,  dated   October 7, 2013 , among the MHC, the Mid-Tier, the Bank and the Agent (a copy of which is  attached  hereto as Exhibit B), $10,000 of which has already been  paid  to the Agent and is nonrefundable and the balance of which shall be payable to the Agent upon completion of the Offering. The Holding Company will  reimburse  the Agent, upon request  made  from time to time, for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses  incurred  in connection with its conversion agent services not to  exceed  $25,000 without the consent of the Blue Hills Parties. However, in the event of unusual circumstances, delays or a re-solicitation in connection with the offering, the total fees  paid  to the Agent may be  increased  by an additional amount not to  exceed  $10,000. Section 3. Sale and Delivery of Shares. If all conditions precedent to the consummation of the Conversion,  including  without limitation, the sale of all Shares  required  by the Plan to be  sold  , are satisfied, the Holding Company  agrees  to  issue  , or have  issued  , the Shares  sold  in the Offering and to  release  for delivery certificates for such Shares on the Closing  Date  against payment to the Holding Company by any means authorized by the Plan; provided, however, that no funds shall be released to the Holding Company until the conditions specified in Section 8 hereof shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of the Agent or its counsel. The release of Shares against payment therefor shall be  made  on a date and at a place acceptable to the Blue Hills Parties and the Agent as set forth in Section 14. Certificates for shares shall be  delivered  directly to the purchasers in accordance with their directions as  provided  by the Holding Company to the Holding Company's registrar and transfer agent. The date upon which the Holding Company shall  release  or  deliver  the Shares  sold  in the Offering, in accordance with the terms herein, is  called  the "Closing  Date  ."

Section 4. Representations and Warranties of the Blue Hills Parties.
