
Exhibit 1.1   400,000 Shares   BLUEROCK RESIDENTIAL GROWTH REIT, INC. 8.250% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock   AGENCY AGREEMENT    May 25, 2016    Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC 1055 Thomas Jefferson Street N.W. Suite 303 Washington, DC 20007   As Sales Agent   Dear Ladies and Gentlemen:   Bluerock Residential Growth REIT, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the "Company"), together with Bluerock Residential Holdings, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership for which the Company is the sole general partner (the "Operating Partnership" and together with the Company, the "Transaction Entities") and BRG Manager, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "Manager"),  agrees  that it may  issue  and  sell  through Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC,  acting  as agent (the "Agent"), up to a total of 400,000 shares (the "Offered Shares") of its 8.250% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Series A Preferred Stock") as set forth below. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary  contained  herein, the parties hereto  agree  that compliance with the limitation set forth in this paragraph on the number of  Offered  Shares  issued  and  sold  under this Agreement shall be the sole responsibility of the Company, and the Agent shall have no obligation in connection with such compliance. Pursuant to the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Operating Partnership (the "OP Agreement"), as  amended  by that First Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Operating Partnership, as further  amended  by that Second Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Operating Partnership, as further  amended  by that Third Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Operating Partnership and as further  amended  by the Fourth Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Operating Partnership, upon receipt of the net proceeds of the sale of the Offered Shares on the Settlement  Date  (as  defined  below), the Company, through its wholly- owned  subsidiary, Bluerock REIT Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("Holdings LLC"), will  contribute  such net proceeds to the Operating Partnership in exchange for a number of 8.250% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Units of partnership interest in the Operating Partnership (the "Series A Preferred OP Units") that is equivalent to the number of  Offered  Shares to be  sold  (the "Company Preferred OP Units"). 1. Representations and Warranties of the Transaction Entities. (a) Representations and Warranties. The Transaction Entities, jointly and severally,  represent  and  warrant  to, and  agree  with, the Agent that:   (i) Filing and Effectiveness of Registration Statement; Certain  Defined  Terms. The Company has  filed  with the Commission a registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333- 208956 )  covering  the registration of the Offered Shares under the Act,  including  a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"). Such registration statement, as  amended  ,  including  the financial statements, exhibits and schedules thereto, in the form in which it  became  effective under the Act,  including  all documents  incorporated  or  deemed  to be  incorporated  by reference therein and any information  deemed  to be a part thereof at the time of effectiveness pursuant to  Rule  430B under the Act, shall be  referred  to as the "Registration Statement." Any registration statement  filed  by the Company pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Act in connection with the offer and sale of the Offered Shares is  called  the "Rule 462(b) Registration Statement," and from and after the date and time of filing of any such Rule 462(b) Registration Statement the  term  "Registration Statement" shall  include  the Rule 462(b) Registration Statement. As  used  herein, the  term  "Prospectus" shall mean the final prospectus supplement to the Base Prospectus dated the date hereof that describes the Offered Shares and the offering thereof (the "Final Prospectus Supplement"), together with the Base Prospectus, in the form first used by the Agent to meet requests of purchasers pursuant to Rule 173 under the Act. References herein to the Prospectus shall  refer  to both the prospectus supplement and the Base Prospectus components of such prospectus,  including  all documents  incorporated  or  deemed  to be  incorporated  by reference therein. The Registration Statement has been  declared  effective under the Act. The Offered Shares all have been duly  registered  under the Act pursuant to the Registration Statement. The Company has  complied  , to the Commission's satisfaction, with all requests of the Commission for additional or supplemental information, if any. No  stop  order  suspending  the effectiveness of or use of the Registration Statement has been  issued  under the Act, and no order  preventing  or  suspending  the use of the Prospectus has been  issued  and no proceedings for any such purposes have been  instituted  and are  pending  or, to the knowledge of the Company, are  contemplated  by the Commission, and any request on the part of the Commission for additional information from the Company in connection with the Registration Statement has been  complied  with. The Company  meets  the requirements for use of Form S-3 under the Act. The documents  incorporated  or  deemed  to be  incorporated  by reference in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package (as  defined  below) and the Prospectus, at the time they were or hereafter are  filed  with the Commission, or  became  effective under the Exchange Act, as the case may be, complied and will  comply  (as applicable) in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act. 2







  For purposes of this Agreement:   "430B Information," with respect to any registration statement, means information included in a prospectus and retroactively deemed to be a part of such registration statement pursuant to Rule 430B(b). "Act" means the Securities Act of  1933 , as amended. "Applicable Time" means of the time of the sale of the Offered Shares pursuant to this Agreement. "Settlement  Date  " has the meaning defined in Section 3 hereof. "Commission" means the Securities and Exchange Commission. "Effective Time" with respect to the Registration Statement, means the date and time as of which such Registration Statement was declared effective by the Commission. "Environmental Law" means any federal, state or local law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, order, decree, judgment, injunction, permit, license, authorization or other binding requirement, or common law, relating to health, safety or the protection, cleanup or restoration of the environment or natural resources, including those relating to the distribution, processing, generation, treatment, storage, disposal, transportation, other handling or release or threatened release of Hazardous Materials. "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of  1934 , as amended. "General Disclosure Package" means the Prospectus, together with the information and free writing prospectuses, if any, identified in  Schedule A hereto. "General Use Issuer Free Writing Prospectus" means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is intended for general distribution to prospective investors (other than a "bona fide electronic road show", defined in Rule 433 (the "Bona Fide Electronic Road Show")), as evidenced by its being so specified in Schedule A to this Agreement. "Hazardous Materials " means any material (including, without limitation, pollutants, contaminants, hazardous or toxic substances or wastes), the presence of which in the environment is prohibited, regulated or serves as the basis of liability as defined, listed or regulated by any Environmental Law. 3







  " Issuer  Free Writing Prospectus" means any "issuer free writing prospectus," as defined in Rule 433, relating to the Offered Shares, including, without limitation, any "free writing prospectus" (as defined in Rule 405) relating to the Offered Shares that is (i) required to be filed with the Commission by the Company, (ii) a road show that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i), whether or not required to be filed with the Commission, or (iii) exempt from filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433(d)(5)(i) because it contains a description of the Offered Shares or of the offering of the Offered Shares that does not reflect the final terms, in each case in the form filed or required to be filed with the Commission or, if not required to be filed, in the form retained in the Company's records pursuant to Rule 433(g). "Limited Use Issuer Free Writing Prospectus" means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is not a General Use Issuer Free Writing Prospectus. A "Registration Statement" without reference to a time means such Registration Statement as of its Effective Time. For purposes of the foregoing definitions, 430B Information with respect to a Registration Statement shall be  considered  to be  included  in such Registration Statement as of the time  specified  in Rule 430B. "LTIP Units" means the special units of partnership interest of the Operating Partnership having the rights, preferences and other privileges designated in Section 4.04 and elsewhere in the OP Agreement. "Rules and Regulations" means the rules and regulations of the Commission. "Securities Laws" means, collectively, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of  2002  ("Sarbanes-Oxley"), the Act, the Exchange Act, the Rules and Regulations, the auditing principles, rules, standards and practices applicable to auditors of "issuers" (as defined in Sarbanes-Oxley) promulgated or approved by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and, as applicable, the rules of the NYSE MKT, LLC (the "NYSE MKT") ("Exchange Rules"). "Statutory Prospectus" means the Base Prospectus, as amended and supplemented immediately prior to the Applicable Time, including any document incorporated by reference therein and any prospectus supplement deemed to be a part thereof. For purposes of this definition, Rule 430B Information  contained  in a form of prospectus that is  deemed  retroactively to be a part of the Registration Statement shall be  considered  to be  included  in the Statutory Prospectus as of the actual time that such form of prospectus is  filed  with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Act. 4







  "Subsidiary" or "Subsidiaries" means each of the entities listed on Schedule A, which i) comprise all of the subsidiaries of the Transaction Entities, including the entities in which the Operating Partnership owns, directly or indirectly, all of the membership interests; ii) hold assets and iii) such omitted entities are considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, would not constitute a "significant subsidiary" within the meaning of Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X. Unless otherwise specified, a reference to a "rule" or "Rule" is to the indicated rule under the Act. (ii) Compliance with Securities Act Requirements. (A) (1) At the Effective Time, (2) on the date of this Agreement and (3) on the Settlement  Date  , the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto  complied  and will  comply  in all respects to the requirements of the Act and the Rules and Regulations thereunder, and  did  not,  does  not and will not  include  any untrue statement of a material fact or  omitted  , omits or will  omit  to  state  any material fact  required  to be  stated  therein or necessary to  make  the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were  made  , not misleading; and (B) the Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto, as of their respective issue dates,  complied  and will  comply  in all material respects with the Act and the Rules and Regulations thereunder, and neither the Prospectus nor any amendment or  supplement  thereto ( including  any prospectus wrapper), as of its issue date, at the time of any filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) and at the Settlement  Date  ,  included  ,  includes  or will  include  an untrue statement of a material fact or  omitted  , omits or will  omit  to  state  a material fact necessary in order to  make  the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were  made  , not  misleading  . The representations and warranties  contained  herein  do  not  apply  to statements in or omissions from any document  discussed  herein  based  upon  written  information  furnished  to the Company by the Agent specifically for use therein, it being  understood  and  agreed  that such information is only that  described  as such in Section 8(b) hereof (collectively, the "Agent Information"). (iii) General Disclosure Package. As of the Applicable Time and on the Settlement  Date  , none of (A) the General Disclosure Package, (B) any individual Limited Use Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, when  considered  together with the General Disclosure Package and/or (C) each road show, if any, when  considered  together with, and as may be  corrected  by, the General Disclosure Package,  included  ,  includes  or will  include  any untrue statement of a material fact or  omitted  , omits or will  omit  to  state  any material fact necessary in order to  make  the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were  made  , not  misleading  . The  preceding  sentence  does  not  apply  to statements in or omissions from any Statutory Prospectus, Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or road show  made  in reliance upon and in conformity with the Agent Information. 5







  (iv) Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses. Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, as of its issue date and, to the extent not superseded or  modified  , at all subsequent times through the completion of the offer and sale of the Offered Shares  did  not,  does  not and will not  include  any information that  conflicted  , conflicts or will  conflict  with the information then  contained  in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus. Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus  conformed  ,  conforms  or will  conform  in all respects to the requirements of the Act and the Rules and Regulations thereunder. The Company has not  made  any offer  relating  to the Offered Shares that would  constitute  an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus without the prior  written  consent of the Agent;  provided  that such consent is  deemed  to have been  given  with respect to each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus  identified  on Schedule A to this Agreement. The Company (A) has  filed  or will  file  each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus  required  to be  filed  with the Commission pursuant to the Act and the Rules and Regulations thereunder in accordance therewith and/or (B) has  retained  or will  retain  in accordance with the Act and the Rules and Regulations  thereunder  all Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses that were not  required  to be  filed  pursuant to the Act and the Rules and Regulations thereunder. The Company has  made  any Bona Fide Electronic Road Show in compliance with Rule 433(d)(8)(i) such that no filing of any road show (as  defined  in Rule 433(h)) is  required  in connection with the offering of the Series A Preferred Stock. (v) Ineligible Issuer Status.
