
Execution Version Certain  identified  information has been  excluded  from the exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) would likely  cause  competitive harm to the Company, if publicly  disclosed  . Double asterisks denote omissions. DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT   This Development Agreement ("this Agreement") is  entered  into and effective as of  September 30, 2019  ("Effective    Date  ") by and between Howmedica Osteonics Corp., a New Jersey corporation, also  known  as Stryker Orthopaedics   ("Stryker"), and Conformis, Inc., a Delaware corporation  having  a principal place of business  located  at 600 Technology Park   Drive, Billerica, MA 01821 ("Conformis"). Stryker and Conformis are collectively  referred  to herein as the "Parties" and   individually as a "Party."   WHEREAS, the Parties are concurrently  entering  into an asset purchase agreement for Stryker's purchase of certain   Conformis assets  concerning  Patient-Specific Instrumentation ("Asset Purchase Agreement"), and a License Agreement, a   Distribution Agreement and a Quality Agreement, as  defined  in and  attached  to the Asset Purchase Agreement (collectively, such   agreements are  referred  to herein as the "Other Agreements"). WHEREAS, Stryker and its Affiliates have  developed  and  commercialized  an Off-The-Shelf Knee Implant  offered  under   the trademark Triathlon. WHEREAS, Conformis  currently   offers  Patient-Specific Instrumentation for use with its Patient-Specific Implants,    including  partial and total knee and hip arthroplasty. WHEREAS, Stryker desires that Conformis  develop  , in accordance with the R&D Program, certain Patient-Specific   Instrumentation to be  used  with the  current  version of the Off-The-Shelf Knee Implant  offered  under the trademark Triathlon (such   Patient-Specific Instrumentation as so developed, the "KIB Product"). THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual representations, warranties and  covenants  herein and in the Other   Agreements  constituting  good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby  acknowledged  , the Parties   hereby  agree  as  follows  :   ARTICLE I   DEFINITIONS   1.1 Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the  following  terms shall have the  following  meanings, and to the extent   not  defined  in this section or otherwise in this Agreement, a  term  shall have the meaning  ascribed  to it in any of the Other   Agreements:   Source: CONFORMIS INC, 10-Q,  11/1/2019 



"Acceptance" and " Accept  " have the meaning set forth in Article 3.4 of this Agreement. "Acceptance Criteria" has the meaning set forth in the R&D Work Plan. "Acceptance Notification Period" has the meaning set forth in Article 3.3 of this Agreement. "Affiliate" has the meaning set forth in the Asset Purchase Agreement. "Agents" means Third Parties who are  acting  under the direction or control of a Party. "Applicable Laws" means all applicable federal, state, local and foreign laws, ordinances, rules, regulations, orders,   writs, injunctions and decrees of any kind. "Asset Purchase Agreement" has the meaning set forth in the recitals. "Change of Control" has the meaning set forth in the Asset Purchase Agreement. "Claims" has the meaning set forth in Article 7.3(a) of this Agreement. "Confidential Information" has the meaning set forth in the Asset Purchase Agreement. "Conformis Background IP" means any Invention, and all Intellectual Property rights  underlying  such Invention, that is,   as of the Effective  Date  ,  owned  or licensable by Conformis without  causing  a breach of, or  incurring  any obligation to, a third   party, in each case to the extent necessary or reasonably useful to  design  ,  develop  ,  manufacture  ,  sell  or otherwise  exploit  the KIB   Product, and for the avoidance of doubt,  excluding  the Purchased Assets, Conformis Foreground IP, Stryker Background IP,   Improved Stryker Background IP and Improved Conformis Background IP. 2   Source: CONFORMIS INC, 10-Q,  11/1/2019 



"Conformis Foreground IP" means any Invention first  developed  by Conformis after the Closing  Date  other than in the   performance of the R&D Program, and all Intellectual Property rights  underlying  such Invention (for the avoidance of doubt,    excluding  any Intellectual Property rights  subsisting  prior to the Closing  Date  or  generated  in the performance of the R&D   Program). For the avoidance of doubt, Conformis Foreground IP shall not  include  any Inventions  using  Stryker Confidential   Information (which shall not  include  the Purchased Assets for the purposes of the definition of Conformis Foreground IP) or   Stryker Background IP. "Conformis Indemnified Parties" has the meaning set forth in Article 7.3(b) of this Agreement. "Conformis- Prosecuted  Joint IP Rights" has the meaning set forth in Article 5.8 of this Agreement. "Court" has the meaning set forth in the Asset Purchase Agreement. "Deliverables" has the meaning set forth under the R&D Work Plan. "Disclosing Party" has the meaning set forth in the Asset Purchase Agreement. "Distribution Agreement" has the meaning set forth in the Asset Purchase Agreement. "Equipment" has the meaning set forth in Article 5.6(a) of this Agreement. "Failure Notice" has the meaning set forth in Article 3.4 of this Agreement. "Finally Rejects" has the meaning set forth in Article 3.4 of this Agreement. "Force Majeure Event" has the meaning set forth in Article 10.4(a) of this Agreement. 3   Source: CONFORMIS INC, 10-Q,  11/1/2019 



"Improved Conformis Background IP" means any Invention to the extent first  arising  in the performance of the R&D   Program, whether or not  embodied  in the KIB Product, that  constitutes  an improvement to Conformis Background IP, Conformis   Confidential Information (which shall not  include  any Confidential Information  owned  or commonly  owned  by Stryker) or the   Purchased Assets, and all Intellectual Property rights  underlying  such Invention (but expressly  excluding  all  Transferred  IP,   Conformis Foreground IP, Conformis Background IP and Stryker Background IP, and, for the avoidance of doubt,  excluding  all   Intellectual Property rights  subsisting  prior to the Closing  Date  ). "Improved Stryker Background IP" means any Invention to the extent first  arising  in the performance of the R&D   Program, whether or not  embodied  in the KIB Product, that  constitutes  an improvement to Stryker Background IP or any Stryker   Confidential Information (which shall not  include  the Purchased Assets for the purposes of this definition), and all Intellectual   Property rights  underlying  such Invention (but expressly  excluding  all  Transferred  IP, Conformis Foreground IP, Conformis   Background IP and Stryker Background IP, and, for the avoidance of doubt,  excluding  all Intellectual Property rights subsisting   prior to the Closing  Date  ). "Insolvency Event" means, with respect to any Party, the occurrence of any one of the  following  events:   (i) an involuntary proceeding is  commenced  against such Party under any applicable United States bankruptcy, insolvency,   reorganization or other similar United States or foreign law  now  or hereafter in effect, or a proceeding is  commenced   seeking    appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or other similar official) for such Party or for all or   any substantial part of its property and such proceeding shall not be  dismissed  within [**] or an order for relief by a court of   competent jurisdiction shall be  entered  in any such proceeding; or   (ii) such Party shall  commence  a voluntary proceeding under any applicable United States or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency,   reorganization or other similar law  now  or hereafter in effect, or shall  consent  to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary   case under any such law, or shall  consent  to the appointment of or  taking  possession by a receiver, liquidator,   4   Source: CONFORMIS INC, 10-Q,  11/1/2019 



assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or other similar official) of such Party or of all or any substantial part of its property, or   shall  make  an assignment for the benefit of creditors. "Intellectual Property" has the meaning set forth in the Asset Purchase Agreement. "Invention" means any idea, invention, discovery, know-how, data, work of authorship, information, improvement,   technology, process, concept or material, whether or not patentable, copyrightable or protectable as a trade secret, and whether   or not  reduced  to  practice  or  memorialized  in writing. "Joint CI" has the meaning set forth in the Asset Purchase Agreement. "Joint IP" has the meaning set forth in Article 5.1(c) of this Agreement. "Joint IP Rights" has the meaning set forth in Article 5.8 of this Agreement. "KIB Product" has the meaning set forth in the recitals. "KIB Product IP" means any Invention first  arising  in the performance of the R&D Program, whether or not  embodied  in   the KIB Product, and all Intellectual Property rights  underlying  such Invention (but expressly  excluding  all  Transferred  IP,   Conformis Background IP, Stryker Background IP, Improved Conformis Background IP and Improved Stryker Background IP,   and, for the avoidance of doubt,  excluding  all Intellectual Property rights  subsisting  prior to the Closing  Date  ). "License Agreement" has the meaning set forth in the Asset Purchase Agreement. "Off-The-Shelf Implant" has the meaning set forth in the Asset Purchase Agreement. 5   Source: CONFORMIS INC, 10-Q,  11/1/2019 



"Off-The-Shelf Knee Implant" has the meaning set forth in the Asset Purchase Agreement. "Other Agreements" has the meaning set forth in the recitals. "Patents" has the meaning set forth in the Asset Purchase Agreement. "Patient-Specific Implants" has the meaning set forth in the Asset Purchase Agreement. "Patient-Specific Instrumentation" has the meaning set forth in the Asset Purchase Agreement. "Person" has the meaning set forth in the Asset Purchase Agreement. "Prior CDA" has the meaning set forth in the Asset Purchase Agreement. "Purchased Assets" has the meaning set forth in the Asset Purchase Agreement. " Receiving  Party" has the meaning set forth in the Asset Purchase Agreement. "Redelivery Period" has the meaning set forth in Article 3.4 of this Agreement. "R&D Program" means work  performed  in the development of the KIB Product under this Agreement pursuant to the   R&D Work Plan. "R&D Work Plan" means the research and development plan set forth in Exhibit 1. "Relevant Indemnified Parties" means (a) if Stryker is the  indemnified  Party, the Stryker Indemnified Parties and (b) if   Conformis is the  indemnified  Party, the Conformis Indemnified Parties. 6   Source: CONFORMIS INC, 10-Q,  11/1/2019 



"Representatives" has the meaning set forth in the Asset Purchase Agreement. "Stryker Background IP" means any Invention, and all Intellectual Property rights  underlying  such Invention, that is, as   of the Effective  Date   owned  or licensable by Stryker without  causing  a breach of, or  incurring  any obligation to, a third party, in   each case to the extent each such Invention is (a) necessary or reasonably useful to  design  ,  develop  ,  manufacture  ,  sell  and   otherwise  exploit  the KIB Product and (b)  provided  to Conformis by or on behalf of Stryker in connection with Conformis'   activities under this Agreement, and, for the avoidance of doubt,  excluding  the Transferred IP, Conformis Background IP,   Improved Conformis Background IP and Improved Stryker Background IP. "Stryker Indemnified Parties" has the meaning set forth in Article 7.3(a) of this Agreement. "Stryker- Prosecuted  Joint IP Rights" has the meaning set forth in Article 5.8 of this Agreement. "Termination Notice" means a written notice  delivered  by one Party to the other Party of its election to  terminate  this   Agreement pursuant to Article VIII. "Third Party" has the meaning set forth in the Asset Purchase Agreement. "Trademarks" has the meaning set forth in the Asset Purchase Agreement. " Transferred  IP" has the meaning set forth in the Asset Purchase Agreement. "Triathlon" has the meaning set forth in the Asset Purchase Agreement. "Wire Instructions" has the meaning set forth in the Asset Purchase Agreement. 7   Source: CONFORMIS INC, 10-Q,  11/1/2019 



ARTICLE II   RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM   2.1 R&D Work Plan. The Parties  agree  to  conduct  the R&D Program pursuant to the R&D Work Plan and to  perform    their respective obligations therein. To the extent Conformis' performance under the R&D Program is  delayed  due to Stryker's   delay in  performing  any of its obligations in accordance with the timelines in the R&D Work Plan, the applicable timelines shall be    deemed   extended  by a period of time  corresponding  to the length of such portion of the delay attributable to Stryker, on a  day  -by-    day  basis. The R&D Work Plan may be  amended  by mutual  written  agreement of the Parties from time to time. 2.2 Agents or Third Parties. To the extent  working  with Agents or other Third Parties is  permitted  under the R&D Work   Plan, should a Party wish to  engage  an Agent or any other Third Party in connection with the R&D Work Plan or any other work   under this Agreement, such Party must  obtain  in advance a  written  agreement by such Agent or other Third Party (i) to  assign  to   the Party all Inventions  conceived  ,  created  or  generated  by the Agent or other Third Party, and (ii) to  maintain  all Confidential   Information in confidence as set forth in Section 5.2. ARTICLE III DELIVERABLES AND COMPLETION   3.1 Deliverables. Subject to the remedies set forth in Section 3.4, Conformis shall  furnish  Stryker with the Deliverables   as  defined  in the R&D Work Plan, and Stryker shall have the opportunity to  analyze  and  test  each Deliverable for the purposes of    determining  Acceptance as set forth in the R&D Work Plan. Each Deliverable shall be  deemed  to be  completed  once such   Deliverable has been  Accepted  (as  defined  below). 3.2 Free from Infringement. Without the consent of Stryker, Conformis shall not  introduce  any structure or   methodology in the Deliverables ( including  a Deliverable within a Product or a Stryker Product) that (1)  raise  a colorable   argument of patent infringement in the manufacture, use, sale, offer for sale or importation of the Deliverable as such Deliverable   8   Source: CONFORMIS INC, 10-Q,  11/1/2019 



is  intended  to be  exploited  under the Other Agreements, (2)  misappropriate  any Confidential Information of any Third Party, or   (3) otherwise  violate  any Intellectual Property rights of any Third Party. For clarity, disclosure of a matter on the Disclosure   Schedules to the Asset Purchase Agreement shall not be  deemed  consent by Stryker under this Section 3.2. 3.3 Completion. After a Deliverable has been  furnished  to Stryker, Stryker (or its Agent designee) will be  entitled  to    analyze  and  test  the Deliverable to  determine  if it  operates  in accordance with and otherwise  conforms  to the applicable   Acceptance Criteria set forth in R&D Work Plan. Conformis shall  provide  such assistance as Stryker may reasonably  request  in   such determination. Stryker shall have [**] ("Acceptance Notification Period")  following  the  date  the Deliverable is  received  by   Stryker to  Accept  or  reject  the Deliverable as  described  in Section 3.4. 3.4 Acceptance or Rejection.  Respecting  any Deliverable for Milestone #1 or Milestone #2, as set forth below, if   Stryker  determines  that a Deliverable operates in accordance with and otherwise  conforms  to the applicable Acceptance Criteria   pursuant to the R&D Work Plan, then Stryker will  notify  Conformis in  writing  that Stryker Accepts such Deliverable. If Stryker   reasonably  determines  that a Deliverable  does  not  operate  in accordance with or otherwise  conform  to the applicable Acceptance   Criteria, then Stryker will  provide  Conformis with a written notice of rejection within the Acceptance Notification Period    describing  the defect in view of the relevant Acceptance Criteria and  including  sufficient detail with respect to such Stryker testing   and testing results as Conformis reasonably  requests  ("Failure Notice"). Conformis shall have [**] (or such longer period of time   as may be  agreed  between the parties in good faith should the scope and complexity of the applicable Deliverable  warrant  some   longer period of time) ("Redelivery Period")  following  the  date  it  receives  the Failure Notice to  correct  and  redeliver  the   Deliverable.
