
Exhibit 10.1

Strategic Alliance Agreement

AGREEMENT  made  as of  ,  2013 , between Freedom Mortgage Corporation, a New Jersey corporation ("Freedom Mortgage"), and Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corp., a Maryland corporation ("Cherry Hill"). WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, Freedom Mortgage is a privately  held  , national mortgage bank that  originates  and services mortgage loans  secured  by liens on one- to four-family properties; and

WHEREAS, Cherry Hill is a newly  formed  affiliate of Freedom Mortgage that  intends  to  elect  and  qualify  as a Real Estate Investment Trust under the Internal Revenue Code of  1986 , as  amended  ; and

WHEREAS, Cherry Hill will have access to capital,  including  capital  raised  through one or more offerings of its securities; and

WHEREAS, Cherry Hill will  seek  to  benefit  from  having  a consistent and predictable source of real estate assets from Freedom Mortgage, and Freedom Mortgage will  seek  to  benefit  from the liquidity available to Cherry Hill; and

WHEREAS, the parties  desire  to set forth the terms of a strategic alliance that is  expected  to  benefit  them both;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, and of other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby  acknowledged  , the parties here to  agree  as  follows  . Section 1. Definitions. (a) The  following  terms shall have the meanings  specified  wherever  used  in this Agreement. Acknowledgement Agreement: The Acknowledgement Agreement to be  entered  into by Freedom Mortgage, as Issuer, Cherry Hill, as Secured Party, and the Government National Mortgage Association. Action: Any civil, criminal, investigative or administrative claim, demand, action, suit, charge, citation, complaint, notice of violation,  proceeding  (public or private), litigation, prosecution, arbitration or inquiry by or before any Governmental Entity whether at law, in equity or otherwise. Agreement: This Strategic Alliance Agreement as the same may be  amended  in accordance with the terms hereof. 1





Ancillary Agreements: The Acknowledgement Agreement, the Purchase Agreement and the Flow Agreement. Base Servicing Fee: As to any Mortgage Loan and any Collection Period, an amount equal to the product of the Base Servicing Fee Rate, the UPB of that Mortgage Loan as of the related Measurement  Date  and 1/12 or, for the first Collection Period, the number of days in such Collection Period  divided  by 360;  provided  , however, that payment of the Base Servicing Fee for any delinquent Mortgage Loan shall be  suspended  unless and until Freedom Mortgage recovers the amount thereof from payments in respect thereof from the related mortgagor or the amount thereof is otherwise  recovered  from liquidation of the related property. Base Servicing Fee Rate: As to any Mortgage Loan, the per annum rate  specified  to be payable to Freedom Mortgage to  cover  the actual costs of servicing. For example, the Base Servicing Fee Rate for the Mortgage Loans in the initial pool will be eight (8) basis points. Business Day: Any  day  other than a  Saturday  or  Sunday  or  a day  on which banks in New Jersey and New York are  authorized  or  obligated  by law to  close  . Closing: The closing of the initial public offering of the common stock of Cherry Hill. Closing  Date  : The  date  of the Closing. Collection Period: The period  beginning  on the Closing  Date  and  ending  on  the last day  of the calendar  month  in which the Closing  Date   occurs  and each calendar  month  thereafter. Excess MSR: As to any Mortgage Loan, the portion of the servicing fee for that Mortgage Loan that  exceeds  the Base Servicing Fee. Flow Agreement : The Flow and Bulk Purchase Agreement to be  entered  into between Cherry Hill, as purchaser, and Freedom Mortgage, as seller, substantially in the form of Exhibit B  attached  hereto. GAAP: Generally  accepted  accounting principles in the United States as in effect from time to time as set forth in the statements, pronouncements and opinions of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Ginnie Mae: The Government National Mortgage Association, a corporation within the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development. Governmental Entity: Any federal, state or local governmental authority, agency, commission or court or self-regulatory authority or commission. Guide: The Ginnie Mae Mortgage  Backed  Securities Guide. Law: Any law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, code, Permit, Order, or decree of any Governmental Entity. 2





Lien: Any lien, pledge, security interest, mortgage, deed of trust, claim, encumbrance, easement, servitude, encroachment, covenant, charge or similar right of any other Person of any kind or nature whatsoever. Material Adverse Effect: Any effect, event, circumstance, development or change that, individually or in the aggregate, has or is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the ability of the  named  Party to  consummate  the Transactions or  perform  its material obligations hereunder. Measurement  Date  : As to any Collection Period, the first  day  of such Collection Period. Mortgage Loan: A loan originated and  serviced  by Freedom Mortgage and  secured  by a first lien on a one- to  four-  family residential property. MSR: The compensation  owing  to a servicer of a Mortgage Loan for  servicing  such loan. Order: Any applicable order, judgment, ruling, injunction, assessment, award, decree, writ, temporary restraining order, or any other order of any nature  enacted  ,  issued  ,  promulgated  ,  enforced  or  entered  by a Governmental Entity. Party: Either Freedom Mortgage or Cherry Hill, as the context may  require  . Permit: Any license, permit, authorization, approval or consent  issued  by a Governmental Entity. Person: Any individual, corporation ( including  any non-profit corporation), general or limited partnership, limited liability company, limited liability partnership, joint venture, estate, trust, unincorporated organization, association, organization or other entity or form of business enterprise or Governmental Entity. Purchase Agreement: The Excess MSR Acquisition and Recapture Agreement to be  entered  into by Cherry Hill, as purchaser, and Freedom Mortgage, as seller, substantially in the form of Exhibit A  attached  hereto. Standby Trigger Event: The existence of any of the following: (i) Freedom Mortgage's Tangible Net Worth is less than the sum of $40,000,000 plus the  required  net worth  determined  in accordance with HUD's regulations; (ii) the percentage of the loans  serviced  for Ginnie Mae that are  more than 90 days  delinquent,  determined  as  provided  in the Ginnie Mae guide,  exceeds  4.25% as of any  date  such delinquency percentage is  reported  to Ginnie Mae in accordance with that guide; (iii) the existence of a default, an event of default or an event which with the giving of notice or the passage of time or both, will  become  a default or an event of default under any warehouse agreement of Freedom Mortgage; or (iv) Freedom Mortgage's cash and cash equivalents are less than $50,000,000. 3





Tangible Net Worth: The net worth of Seller  determined  in accordance with GAAP, minus all intangibles  determined  in accordance with GAAP ( including  goodwill,  capitalized  financing costs and  capitalized  administration costs but  excluding  originated and  purchased  mortgage servicing rights or  retained  residual securities) and any and all advances to, investments in and receivables  held  from affiliates;  provided  , however, that the non­cash effect ( gain  or loss) of any mark­to­market adjustments  made  directly to stockholders' equity for fluctuation of the value of financial instruments as  mandated  under the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133 (or any successor statement) shall be  excluded  from the calculation of Tangible Net Worth. Transactions: The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements and the performance of the other obligations set forth herein and therein. UPB: As to any Mortgage Loan and any  date  of determination, the unpaid principal balance of such Mortgage Loan as of such  date  . (b) When a reference is  made  in this Agreement to Sections or Exhibits, such reference shall be to a Section of or Exhibit to this Agreement unless otherwise  indicated  . Whenever the words "herein" or "hereunder" are  used  in this Agreement, they will be  deemed  to  refer  to this Agreement as a whole and not to any specific Section. References to Sections  include  subsections which are part of the related Section. Any Law  defined  herein will mean such Law as  amended  and will  include  any successor Law. The table of contents, index and headings  contained  in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not  affect  in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the words " include  ", " includes  " or " including  " are  used  in this Agreement, they shall be  deemed  to be  followed  by the words "without limitation". Any singular  term  in this Agreement will be  deemed  to  include  the plural, and any plural  term  the singular. All pronouns and variations of pronouns will be  deemed  to  refer  to the feminine, masculine or neuter, singular or plural, as the identity of the person  referred  to may  require  . The phrases "the  date  of this Agreement", "the  date  hereof' and terms of similar import, unless the context otherwise  requires  , shall be  deemed  to  refer  to the  date  set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. Whenever a dollar figure ($) is  used  in this Agreement, it will mean United States dollars unless otherwise  specified  . Section 2. The Acknowledgement Agreement

(a) Prior to the purchase and sale of Excess MSRs as  contemplated  by the Purchase Agreement, Freedom Mortgage and Cherry Hill shall  execute  the Acknowledgement Agreement with Ginnie Mae. (b) Freedom Mortgage  agrees  that if a Standby Issuer (as  defined  in the Acknowledgement Agreement) has not yet been  appointed  , upon the occurrence of a Standby Trigger Event, it shall  designate  a Standby Issuer reasonably satisfactory to Cherry Hill and shall  use  its commercially reasonable efforts to  cause  such Standby Issuer to  agree  to  act  as such and to be  accepted  by Ginnie Mae as the Standby Issuer  referred  to in the Acknowledgement Agreement. Any costs or expenses  incurred  in connection with such designation, agreement and/or approval shall be  paid  by Freedom Mortgage. (c) Cherry Hill  agrees  that upon the request of Freedom Mortgage, Cherry Hill shall  cooperate  with Freedom Mortgage's efforts to  cause  the Acknowledgement Agreement to be  revised  or  replaced  with an alternative arrangement  proposed  by Freedom Mortgage that is acceptable to Ginnie Mae and that will  provide  Cherry Hill with benefits, rights and remedies that are, in the reasonable judgment of Cherry Hill, not materially less favorable than those  provided  under the Acknowledgement Agreement. 4





(d) The Purchase Agreement will  provide  that Freedom Mortgage will  indemnify  Cherry Hill against, and  hold  it harmless from, any loss, cost or expense  incurred  by Cherry Hill as a result of Ginnie Mae's termination for cause of Freedom Mortgage as an issuer. Section 3. Ancillary Agreements. On or prior to the Closing  Date  , Cherry Hill and Freedom Mortgage shall  enter  into the Purchase Agreement and the Flow Agreement. Section 4. Representations and Warranties. (a) Freedom Mortgage  represents  and warrants to Cherry Hill that the statements  contained  in this Section 4(a) are true and correct in all material respects as of the  date  of this Agreement (or, if  made  as of a different  specified   date  , as of such  date  ) and will be true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing  Date  (as though  made  then and as though the Closing  Date  were  substituted  for the  date  of this Agreement throughout this Section 4(a)). (i) Freedom Mortgage is duly  organized  and validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization. Freedom Mortgage has all requisite corporate power and authority to  own  ,  lease  and  operate  its assets and  carry  on its business as  now   conducted  . Freedom Mortgage is duly  licensed  or qualified to  do  business in each jurisdiction where its ownership or leasing of assets or the conduct of its business  requires  such qualification, except where the failure to  obtain  such license or qualification would not reasonably be  expected  to have a Material Adverse Effect. (ii) Freedom Mortgage has full corporate power and authority to  execute  and  deliver  this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements and to  consummate  the Transactions. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Freedom Mortgage and the completion by Freedom Mortgage of the Transactions have been duly and validly  authorized  by all necessary corporate action of Freedom Mortgage. This Agreement has been duly and validly  executed  and  delivered  by Freedom Mortgage and  constitutes  the valid and  binding  obligation of Freedom Mortgage, enforceable against Freedom Mortgage in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and similar Laws  affecting  creditors' rights generally, and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of equity, whether  applied  in a court of law or a court of equity. (iii) The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the Transactions and compliance by Freedom Mortgage with any of the terms or provisions hereof will not: (i) conflict with or  result  in a breach or violation of or a default under any provision of the organizational documents of Freedom Mortgage; (ii)  violate  any Law applicable to Freedom Mortgage or any of its material properties or assets or  enable  any Person to  enjoin  the Transactions; or (iii) violate, conflict with, result

5





in a breach of any provisions of,  constitute  a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would  constitute  a default) under,  result  in the termination of,  accelerate  the performance  required  by, or  result  in a right of termination or acceleration or the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of Freedom Mortgage under any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any material contract to which Freedom Mortgage is a party, or by which it or any of its properties or assets may be  bound  or  affected  . (iv) No consents, waivers or approvals of, or filings or registrations with, any Governmental Entity are necessary, and no consents, waivers or approvals of, or filings or registrations by Freedom Mortgage with, any other third parties are necessary, in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Freedom Mortgage, and the completion by Freedom Mortgage of the Transactions. (v) Freedom Mortgage has all Permits of, and has  made  all filings, applications and registrations with, all Governmental Entities that are  required  in order for it to  consummate  the Transactions; all such Permits are in full force and effect and, to the knowledge of Freedom Mortgage, no suspension or cancellation of any such Permit is  threatened  or will  result  from the consummation of the Transactions. (vi) Freedom Mortgage is not a party to any, nor are there  pending  , or to Freedom Mortgage's knowledge,  threatened  Actions (i)  challenging  the validity or propriety of any of the Transactions or (ii) which could materially and adversely  affect  the ability of Freedom Mortgage to  perform  under this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement.
