
Exhibit 10.16

[***] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL  INFORMATION  CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY BRACKETS,  HAS   BEEN   OMITTED  AND  FILED  SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO  RULE  406 OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF  1933 , AS AMENDED. Software License, Customization and Maintenance Agreement     Agreement Number:  CW251207

Effective  Date  :   11/4/10 

Company Name:  Cardlytics, Inc. Company Address:  621 North Avenue NE  Suite C-30  Atlanta, GA 30308

Company Telephone:  888.798.5802     This SOFTWARE LICENSE, CUSTOMIZATION AND MAINTENANCE AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is  entered  into as of the Effective  Date  by and between Bank of America, N.A. ("Bank of America"), a national banking association, and the above- named  Supplier, a corporation, and  consists  of this signature page and the  attached  Terms and Conditions, Schedules, and all other documents  attached  hereto, which are  incorporated  in full by this reference. ("Supplier")   Bank of America, N.A. By:  /s/ Scott Grime   By:  /s/ Chandra Torrence Name: Scott Grime   Name: Chandra Torrence Title:  Chief Executive Officer   Title:  V.P., Sourcing Manager  Date  :   11/8/10     Date  :   11/4/10 

Address for Notices:

Cardlytics, Inc. 621 North Ave NE Suite C-30 Atlanta, GA 30030 ATTN: Scott Grimes Telephone: 888.798.5802 Email: [***]



Address for Notices: (Supply Chain Management Contact) Mailcode NC1-023-09-01 Bank of America 625 N Tryon St Charlotte, NC 28255 ATTN: Chandra Torrence Telephone: [***] Email: [***]

With a copy to:

Bank of America Legal Department 101 S. Tryon Street Charlotte, NC 28255    Proprietary to Bank of America   vTIP2010

Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1,  1/12/2018 





 Software License, Customization and Maintenance Agreement  Table of Contents       Page  1.0  DEFINITIONS   1  2.0  LICENSE   4  3.0  RELATIONSHIP MANAGER   6  4.0  TERM   7  5.0  TERMINATION   7  6.0  ORDERING, DELIVERY AND INSTALLATION   8  7.0  CUSTOMIZATIONS   9  8.0  SOURCE CODE CUSTODY   10  9.0  DOCUMENTATION   11  10  ACCEPTANCE   11  11.0  MAINTENANCE SERVICES   12  12.0 UPGRADES   12  13.0 NON-MAINTENANCE SERVICES SUPPORT   12  14.0 TRAINING   12  15.0 PRICING/FEES   13  16.0 INVOICES TAXES/PAYMENT   13  17.0 EXPORT LAWS   15  18.0 MUTUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES   15  19.0 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SUPPLIER   15  20.0 DELETION OF FUNCTIONS   17  21.0 DISABLEMENT OF SOFTWARE AND HARDWARE   17  22.0 FINANCIAL RESPONSIBILITY   17  23.0 BUSINESS CONTINUITY   17  24.0 RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES   18  25.0 SUPPLIER PERSONNEL   18  26.0 INSURANCE   19  27.0 CONFIDENTIALITY AND  INFORMATION  PROTECTION   20  28.0 INDEMNITY   23  29.0 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY   24  30.0 DAMAGE TO BANK OF AMERICA SYSTEMS   24  31.0 SUPPLIER DIVERSITY   25  32.0 ENVIRONMENTAL INITIATIVE   26  33.0 AUDIT   26  34.0 NON-ASSIGNMENT   27  35.0 GOVERNING LAW   27  37.0 MEDIATION/ARBITRATION   28  38.0 NON-EXCLUSIVE NATURE OF AGREEMENT   29  39.0 OWNERSHIP OF WORK PRODUCT   29  40.0 MISCELLANEOUS   30  41.0 ENTIRE AGREEMENT   32    SCHEDULE A  PRODUCT LICENSE SCHEDULE TEMPLATE SCHEDULE B  CUSTOMIZATION SCHEDULE SCHEDULE C  CHANGE ORDER REQUEST FORM SCHEDULE D  MAINTENANCE SERVICES SCHEDULE E  INFORMATION SECURITY SCHEDULE F  BACKGROUND CHECKS SCHEDULE G  RECOVERY    Proprietary to Bank of America  ii  vTIP2010

Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1,  1/12/2018 





1.0 DEFINITIONS

1.1 All  defined  terms In this Agreement not otherwise  defined  in this Section shall have the meanings  assigned  in the part of this Agreement in which they are  defined  . 1.2 Acceptance  Date  - the first Business Day after the  day  Bank of America  accepts  the Software or it is  deemed   accepted  pursuant to the Section  entitled  "Acceptance."

1.3 Acceptance Period - the period  commencing  on the Installation  Date  and  continuing  for the number of days  specified  in each Product License Schedule, as such period may be  extended  pursuant to the Section  entitled  "Acceptance."

1.4 Affiliate - a business entity  now  or hereafter  controlled  by, controlling or under common control with a Party. Control  exists  when an entity  owns  or controls directly or indirectly 50% or more of the outstanding equity  representing  the right to  vote  for the election of directors or other managing authority of another entity. 1.5 Associate Information - any non-public information about a Bank of America Representative, whether in paper, electronic, or other form that is  maintained  by or on behalf of Bank of America for a business purpose. 1.6 Bank of America Customizations - Customizations  listed  on a Customization Schedule, which shall be  owned  by Bank of America and subject to the Marketing Restrictions  outlined  in the Section  entitled  "Customizations."

1.7 Bank Security Requirements- all bank security requirements as  described  in SCHEDULE E and the Bank of America Service Provider Security Requirements document  provided  separately. 1.8 Business Continuity Plan - the policies and procedures that  describe  contingency plans, recovery plans, and proper risk controls to  ensure  Supplier's  continued  performance under this Agreement. 1.9 Business Day -  Monday  through  Friday ,  excluding  days on which Bank of America is not open for business in the United States of America. 1.10 Consumer Information - any record about an individual, whether in paper. electronic. or other form, that is a consumer report as such  term  is  defined  in the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 USC 1681 et seq.) or is  derived  from a consumer report and that is  maintained  or otherwise  possessed  by or on behalf of Bank of America for a business purpose. Consumer Information also means a compilation of such records. The  term   does  not  include  any record that  does  not  identify  an individual. 1.11 Correction - a modification to Software to  resolve  one (1) or more Errors. 1.12 Customer Information - any record  containing  information about a customer, its usage of Bank of America's services, or about a customer's accounts, whether in paper, electronic, or other form that is  maintained  by or on behalf of Bank of America for a business purpose. 1.13 Customizations - modifications to the Licensed Programs and new coding  made  at the request or Bank of America. 1.14 Customization Schedule - a document substantially In the form of SCHEDULE B  attached  hereto. 1.15 Customization Status Report - a  written  report  prepared  by Supplier that  describes  the status of the development and implementation,  describes  problems and the steps underway to  resolve  them,  provides  a report of hours  expended  to  date  for each Customization, and  reports  all other information necessary or desirable for Bank of America management to  understand  the status of the project to  develop  Customizations. Proprietary to Bank of America  Page 1  vTIP2010

Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1,  1/12/2018 





1.16 Delivery  Date  - the  date  on which Bank of America actually  receives  the Software from Supplier. 1.17 Documentation - any and all: (i) materials  created  by or on behalf of Supplier that  describe  or  relate  to the functional, operational or performance capabilities of the Software, regardless of format; (ii) user, operator, system administration, technical, support and other manuals,  including  but not  limited  to functional specifications,  help  files,  flow  charts, logic diagrams, programming comments, acceptance plan, if any, and portions of licensor's web site that in any way  describe  the Software; (iii) responses and other materials  submitted  by Supplier in response to any Bank of America Request for Information ("RFI"), Request for Proposal ("RFP") or Request for Quotation ("RFQ"); and (iv) updates, changes and corrections to any of the forgoing that may be  made  during the  Term  of this Agreement. 1.18 Effective  Date  - the  date  set forth on the signature page on which this Agreement  takes  effect. 1.19 Error - an instance of failure of Software to be Operative. An Error is a Class 1 Error if it  renders  the Software unusable for its intended purpose. An Error is a Class 2 Error if the Software is still usable for its intended purpose, but such use is seriously inconvenient and the value to Bank of America of the use of the Software is substantially  reduced  . All other Errors are Class 3 Errors. 1.20 Information Security Program - the documents that  describe  how Supplier will  provide  services to Bank of America in a manner that  complies  with the confidentiality and information security requirements of this Agreement and all pertinent Schedules and Exhibits  hereto  . Such information security program must be  approved  by Supplier's board of directors or equivalent executive management prior to the Effective  Date  thereof and  annually  thereafter. It must  describe  Supplier's network infrastructure and security procedures and controls that  protect  Confidential Information on a basis that  meets  or  exceeds  the Bank Security Requirements. 1.21 Installation  Date  - the  date  the Software has been properly  installed  . 1.22 Installation Site - the building or complex of buildings at which Bank of America  installs  the Software. 1.23 Intellectual Property Rights - all intellectual property rights throughout the world,  including  copyrights, patents, mask  works  , trademarks, service marks, trade secrets, inventions (whether or not patentable),  know  how, authors' rights, rights of attribution, and other proprietary rights and all applications and rights to  apply  for registration or protection of such rights. 1.24 Licensed Programs - the computer programs and all Documentation for such computer programs  described  in each Product License Schedule ( including  Source Code for such computer programs unless expressly  stated  otherwise in such Product License Schedule). 1.25 Maintenance Fees - the fees for Maintenance Services set forth in each Product License Schedule. 1.26 Maintenance Period - unless otherwise  specified  in a Product License Schedule, the Maintenance Period shall be twenty-four (24) hours per  day  , seven (7) per week,  including  Bank of America  holidays  . 1.27 Maintenance Services - the services  described  in SCHEDULE D or in any Product License Schedule or Order with respect to any Licensed Program  including  telephone consultation, online and on-site technical support, Error correction and the provision of Updates. Proprietary to Bank of America  Page 2  vTIP2010

Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1,  1/12/2018 





1.28 Object Code - machine-readable computer instructions that can be  executed  by a computer. 1.29 Operative - conforming in all material respects to performance levels and functional specifications  described  in the Program Materials and in this Agreement. 1.30 Order - Product License Schedule, purchase order, work order, Customization Schedule or other  written  instrument  executed  , or electronic transmissions  originated  by, an authorized officer of Bank of America Supply Chain Management  directing  Supplier in the provision of services substantially  conforming  to a form  provided  to Supplier by Bank of America. Unless otherwise  provided  in writing, the business terms in each Order  relating  to description of the Licensed Program, pricing, and performance standards shall  apply  only to such Order. 1.31 Party - Bank of America or Supplier. 1.32 Platform - the computer equipment and operating system which can  execute  the Object Code. 1.33 Product or Products equipment, Software, firmware, system designs, Program Materials, Customizations, Maintenance Services, Documentation, training and any other goods or services this Agreement  calls  for Supplier to  furnish  or Supplier furnishes. Unless expressly otherwise  provided  , Product or Products shall also mean any separate portion or part of the Product or Products that Supplier furnishes. 1.34 Product License Schedule - a document substantially in the form of SCHEDULE A  attached  hereto. 1.35 Production Installation  Date  - the fifth consecutive Business Day upon which the Software has been  used  successfully to  process  Bank of America's work commercially in production. 1.36 Program Materials - Supplier's proposals to Bank of America, Documentation, specifications and any other Documentation  delivered  in connection with the Software,  including  without limitation materials  described  in each Product License Schedule. 1.37 Records - documentation of facts that  include  normal and customary documentation of facts or events for an industry, specific deliverables as  designated  , emails determined to be "records" because of the business or litigation purpose, any records  documenting  legal, regulatory, fiscal or administrative requirements. 1.38 Relationship Manager(s) -the employee  designated  by a Party to  act  on its behalf with regard to matters  arising  under this Agreement who shall be the person the other Party shall contact in writing  regarding  matters  concerning  this Agreement. 1.39 Repair Period - the time period  commencing  when Bank of America  reports  an Error to Supplier and  continuing  for four (4) hours or such other period as may be  specified  In a Product License Schedule. 1.40 Representative an employee, officer, director, or agent of a Party. 1.41 Software - the Licensed Programs and Object Code  licensed  by Supplier pursuant to a Product License Schedule that  produces  the results  described  in the Program Materials, together with the Documentation, all Corrections, Customizations and Updates and any Upgrades  acquired  by Bank of America pursuant to this Agreement, and, if  licensed  to Bank of America in this Agreement, the Source Code or other software programs  offered  by Supplier to the public on Supplier's Web site and  used  by Bank of America, notwithstanding any associated EULA, GPL or other license terms, any Updates thereto, and any related user manuals or Documentation. Proprietary to Bank of America  Page 3  vTIP2010

Source: CARDLYTICS, INC., S-1,  1/12/2018 





1.42 Source Code - the human-readable code from which a computer can  compile  or  assemble  the Object Code of a computer program, together with a description of the procedure for  generating  the Object Code. 1.43 Subcontractor - a third party to whom Supplier has  delegated  or  subcontracted  any portion of its obligations set forth herein. 1.44 Supplier Customizations - Customizations  listed  on a Customization Schedule, which Supplier shall  own  and  license  to Bank of America under the terms of this Agreement. 1.45 Supplier Security Controls those controls  implemented  by Supplier as part of its Information Security Program that  address  each of the Bank Security Requirements, as  modified  from time to time. 1.46  Term  - the initial  term  of the Agreement or any renewal or extension. 1.47 Time and Materials Rates - the rates  specified  in each Product License Schedule [or Order] that Supplier may  charge  for services  provided  under this Agreement which are not  covered  by the Maintenance Fee, or if not so specified, supplier's standard rates for such services. 1.48 Update - a set of procedures or new program code that Supplier implements to  correct  Errors and which may  include  modifications to  improve  performance or a  revised  version or release of the Software which may incidentally  improve  its functionality, together with related Documentation. 1.49 Upgrade - a new version or release of computer programs  licensed  hereunder which Supplier  makes  generally available to its customers to  improve  the functionality of, or  add  functional capabilities to such computer programs, together with related Documentation. Upgrades shall  include  new programs which  replace  , or  contain  functionality similar to, the Software already  licensed  to Bank of America hereunder. 1.50 Warranty Period - the time period  specified  in each Product License Schedule  commencing  on the Acceptance  Date  of the applicable Software component as  extended  pursuant to the Section  entitled  "Acceptance."

1.51 Work in Progress - all plans, systems designs, Documentation, working materials, specifications,  flow  charts source code,  documented  test results and other Work Product  prepared  by Supplier pursuant to this Agreement or during development of the Customizations. 1.52 Work Product all information, data. materials, discoveries, inventions, drawings, works of authorship, documents, documentation, models, software, computer programs, software ( including  source code and  object  code), firmware, designs, specifications, processes, procedures, techniques, algorithms, diagrams, methods, and all tangible embodiments of each of the foregoing (in whatever form and media)  conceived  ,  created  ,  reduced  to  practice  or  prepared  by or for Supplier at the request of Bank of America within the scope of services  provided  under this Agreement, whether or not prepared on Bank of America's premises and all Intellectual Property Rights therein.
