
EXHIBIT 10.4

                              CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT

         THIS CO-BRANDING AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is  made  as of  May 22, 2000  (the "Effective  Date  "), by and between  WOMEN.COM  NETWORKS, INC., a Delaware corporation  having  a place of business at  1820  Gateway Drive Suite 150, San Mateo, CA 94404 ("Women.com"), and EDIETS.COM, INC., a Delaware corporation,  having  its principal place of business at 3467 West Hillsboro Boulevard, Suite 2, Deerfield Beach, Florida 33442 ("eDiets"). WHEREAS, eDiets  maintains  a site on the Internet,  currently   located  at http://www.eDiets.com (the "eDiets Site"), that  provides   personalized  diet and counseling on-line;

         WHEREAS, Women.com  maintains  sites on the Internet,  currently   located  at http://www.women.com (the "Women.com Sites"), that  provides  an on-line portal for women,  blending  content, community, commerce and services;

         WHEREAS, eDiets and Women.com  wish  to  establish  and  maintain  a custom, category-exclusive, co-branded center  containing   repackaged  content from the eDiets Site,  including  a free personal diet profile, which will be a part of the Women.com Sites, in order to  promote  the eDiets brand and  drive  traffic to the eDiets Site. NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, representations and warranties set forth herein, the parties hereby  agree  as  follows  :

1. THE DIET CENTER. 1.1 Women.com will  name  an area, in which eDiets content will be  published  (such area, the "Diet Center"). Links ( presented  as Diet Center  logos  ) to the Diet Center will be  located  on three Women.com channels (the Fitness Channel www.women.com/fitness; the Health Channel www.women.com/health; and the Food Channel www.women.com/food) and two subchannels within such channels to be  determined  in accordance with Exhibit B hereto. The first page of the Diet Center (the "Gateway Page") will have the look and  feel  of the Women.com Sites as  specified  in Exhibit A hereto. The Diet Center shall be  branded  with an icon that  includes  the eDiets logo. There will be no Women.com or eDiets registration  required  to  enter  and  use  the Gateway Page of the Diet Center. Women.com and eDiets will mutually  agree  upon the content and logo of the Gateway Page,  including  the display, appearance and placement of the Diet Center's logo, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement,  including  the specifications set forth on Exhibit A hereto, prior to the launch  date  of the Diet Center (the "Launch  Date  "). eDiets and Women.com shall  work  together in good faith in order to  implement  such design and development and the  continued  enhancement of the Diet Center. 1.2 Women.com shall  store  and  maintain  the Gateway Page on, and  serve  the Gateway Page from, server(s)  located  on Women.com's premises or the premises of Women.com's third party web host. eDiets shall  store  and  maintain  the Diet Center beneath the Gateway Page, and  serve  the Diet Center beneath the Gateway Page from, server(s)  located  on eDiets' premises or the premises of eDiets' third party web host. Effective  one week  from the

                                       1

Launch  Date  , eDiets shall  include  a back button to the Women.com Site on all pages of the Diet Center beneath the Gateway Page. If at any time during the  Term  of this Agreement, eDiets reasonably  believes  that the inclusion of such back buttons has a material negative effect upon the rate at which users of the Diet Center  register  to  become  members of eDiets or  convert  into  registered  participants of the services  offered  by eDiets on the Diet Center (the "Negative Effect"), eDiets may  conduct  a one (1)  month  test of the effect of such back buttons which may  include  the exclusion of the back button. If such test verifies the Negative Effect of the back button(s) to the Women.com Site, eDiets may  remove  any such back buttons. 1.3 Except as set forth in Section 1.2  [Women], eDiets will have sole responsibility for  providing  and  maintaining  at its own expense the Diet Center beneath the Gateway Page. eDiets and Women.com will  work  together  regarding  the on- going  design and maintenance of the Diet Center. 1.4 Each party shall  bear  its own expenses  related  to its responsibilities under this Section 1. 2. EDIETS OBLIGATIONS. 2.1 Content License.  eDiets  hereby grants to Women.com, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, a non-exclusive, nontransferable, worldwide, royalty-free license to  use  ,  copy  ,  reproduce  and  display  the editorial content and other data, branding and other identification  provided  by eDiets to Women.com in connection with this Agreement (the "eDiets Content") on the Women.com Sites: (i) for publication in the Diet Center and elsewhere throughout the Women.com Sites; (ii) for the promotion of eDiets and the Diet Center on the Women.com Sites and in collateral advertising materials; and (iii) for such other purposes as are consistent with or otherwise  authorized  under this Agreement. 2.2 Delivery of Content. eDiets  agrees  to  deliver  to Women.com, by no later than fifteen (15) days after the Effective  Date  , in a format  specified  by Women.com, the initial eDiets Content  required  by this Agreement,  including  any photos, text, data, illustrations, graphical elements, animation or banner ads. All eDiets Content  delivered  under this Agreement shall be consistent with the specifications for such eDiets Content ( including  specifications as to manner and media), and otherwise in accordance with, the terms of this Agreement,

Source: EDIETS COM INC, 10QSB,  10/30/2000 





 including  Exhibit D hereto, and any production schedules  developed  by the parties from time to time. eDiets  agrees  that it will  respond  in a timely manner to be  agreed  upon by the parties to all reasonable requests  made  by Women.com or its agents for  updated  eDiets Content and refreshing of eDiets Content for the Women.com Sites. 2.3 Format. eDiets will  deliver  the eDiets Content in such "camera-ready" or digital format, as  agreed  to by the parties. 2.4 Editorial Guidelines. eDiets shall  ensure  that the eDiets Content complies with Women.com's editorial guidelines. Women.com will  provide  eDiets with specific editorial guidelines for eDiets Content. Women.com reserves the right to  reject  any and all content that  does  not  meet  Women.com's editorial guidelines. eDiets will then be  required  to  edit  such

                                       2

content until all content  provided  by eDiets complies with Women.com's editorial guidelines and standards. In the event that eDiets  fails  , within five (5) days after submission by Women.com, to  provide  Women.com with necessary revisions thereto, such failure shall be  deemed  to be approval of Women.com's edits. Women.com reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to  require  eDiets to  eliminate  , any banner, hypertext or other link from the Women.com Site to any web site  containing  content  promoting  or advertising tobacco, liquor,  controlled  substances, gambling, firearms or sexually explicit, offensive or degrading material. In addition to the foregoing and the content guidelines set forth in Section 5.2  [EXCLUSIVITY] hereof, eDiets may not directly  link  from the Gateway Page to any Women.com Competitive Company (as  defined  in Section 5.2  [EXCLUSIVITY]). 2.5 Facts. eDiets shall be solely responsible for  ensuring  the timeliness, accuracy, and correctness of all facts, data and information ("Facts")  contained  within the eDiet Content. eDiets shall  indemnify  ,  defend  and  hold  harmless Women.com, its officers, directors, employees and agents from and against all damages, awards, costs, fees ( including  reasonable attorneys' fees), and expenses that such parties may  incur  as a result of third party claims  arising  from such third parties' reliance on Facts. Women.com  retains  the right, but not the obligation, to independently  corroborate  , or have  corroborated  , the timeliness, accuracy, and correctness of all Facts. 3. ADVERTISING. 3.1 Advertising and Promotion. Advertising and Promotion. Women.com shall  make  available to eDiets and eDiets shall  purchase  from Women.com advertising and promotional inventory in the amounts and at the rates  specified  in Exhibit B hereto and in accordance with the terms  specified  in Exhibit D hereto. If Women.com  does  not  deliver  at least 80% of the Quarterly Impression Guarantee for Advertsing Promotions as set forth on Exhibit B (11,250,000 per  quarter  ; 45,000,000 per  year  ); 80% of the Quarterly Impression Guarantee for the Diet Center Logo as set forth on Exhibit B (3,250,000 per  quarter  ; 13,000,000 per  year  ); and 80% of the Quarterly Impression Guarantee for Other Campaigns as set forth on Exhibit B (3,000,000 per  quarter  ; 12,000,000 per  year  )  quant="EACH">each quarter   following  the Launch  Date  , within sixty (60) days of the end of the applicable  quarter  , Women.com shall  deliver  an amount equal to the under-delivery within the same campaign elements,  including  newsletters, promotions, exclusive sponsorships,  targeted  rotations, ROS, channel and sub-channel center logo placements, or mutually  agreed  upon comparable elements. If Women.com  does  not  deliver  the shortfall within sixty (60) days of the end of the applicable  quarter  , eDiets may  terminate  this Agreement in its entirety immediately or  authorize  Women.com to  deliver  the shortfall within an extended number of days to be mutually  agreed  upon by the parties (the " Make  Good Period"). Should eDiets  elect  to  terminate  this Agreement, Women.com shall  reimburse  eDiets within thirty (30) days of the  date  of such termination for all  pre  - paid  impressions or other promotions not  delivered  as of the  date  of termination. Women.com  agrees  that if eDiets  elects  to  extend  the Agreement the  monthly  fee due and payable during the Make Good Period will be  recalculated  and  reduced  to  reflect  the changes in the  revised  delivery schedule. 3

         3.2 Women.com and eDiets  agree  that all media metrics (e.g. pageviews and impressions) with respect to the Gateway Page of the Diet Center shall be  allocated  to Women.com. 4. PUBLICITY. Neither party will  make  any public statement, press release or other announcement  relating  to the terms of or existence of this Agreement without the prior  written  consent of the other. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party hereby  grants  to the other the right to  issue  an initial press release, the timing and wording of which will be subject to such party's reasonable approval,  regarding  the relationship between Women.com and eDiets and the launch of the Diet Center. This Section shall not in any way  restrict  either party from  complying  with any law, regulation or other governmental demand or request for information. 5. EXCLUSIVITY. 5.1 During the  Term  , (a) Women.com will not  buy  ,  sell  , display,  distribute  advertising from ( including  , but not  limited  to, banner ads, buttons, badges, text links, hyperlinks or editorial mentions) or otherwise  promote  a Competitive Company on any page of the Diet Center; (b) eDiets will be the exclusive third party provider of content and interactive tools for diets and diet counseling to Women.com within the Diet Center; (c) Women.com will not  enter  into a relationship with a Competitive Company that  involves  any of the following; (i) custom  developed  mini or micro web sites; (ii) content integration; (iii) discounts  offered  only to Women.com members on the Member Central page of the Women.com Sites; (iv) editorial endorsement (such as

Source: EDIETS COM INC, 10QSB,  10/30/2000 





" Brought  to you by....") or  fixed  placement of 468x60 (top) and 125x365 (side) banners within eight (8) of the Content Features  selected  by eDiets; and (v) anchor sponsorship in any multi-sponsor Women.com promotion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Women.com shall be  entitled  to (aa)  provide  mini and micro web sites and Women.com promotions and sponsorships to Jenny Craig; (bb) sell, display, or  distribute  advertisements,  including  banner advertisements, newsletter placements, internet radio, commerce placements and market research, or otherwise  promote  Competitive Companies on pages other than the Gateway Page of the Diet Center. For purposes of this Agreement, "Competitive Company" means any company that eDiets reasonably  presents  as, and Women.com reasonably  agrees  is, a direct competitor to eDiets by  distributing  on-line content principally  relating  to diets and diet counseling,  including  , but not  limited  to, Weight Watchers, Jenny Craig, NutriSystem, Nutrio, Asimba, DietSmart and uMagic. During the  Term  , Women.com  agrees  to  give  eDiets the right of first refusal to  participate  in all diet and diet-counseling related promotion opportunities  created  or otherwise  made  available by Women.com on channels or sub-channels  created  after the Effective  Date  of this Agreement,  including  sponsorships, anchor placements and any other content integration opportunities ("Diet Promos"). If Women.com  proposes  to  create  and  make  available Diet Promos after the Effective  Date  , it shall  give  eDiets  written  notice of its intention,  describing  the terms and conditions of participation in the Diet Promos. eDiets shall have fifteen (15) days from the giving of such notice to  agree  to  participate  in the applicable Diet Promo upon the terms and conditions  specified  in the notice by  giving   written  notice of its agreement to Women.com. 4

         5.2 During the  Term  , eDiets will not  buy  ,  sell  ,  display  or  distribute  advertising from ( including  , but not  limited  to, banner ads, buttons, badges, text links, hyperlinks or editorial mentions) or otherwise  promote  any Women.com Compettive Company on any page of the eDiets Site that is within two clicks from the Gateway Page of the Diet Center. For purposes of this Agreement, "Women.com Competitive Company" means any company that Women.com reasonably  presents  as, and eDiets reasonably  agrees  is, a direct competitor to Women.com by  providing  an on-line portal for women,  including  , but not  limited  to, Oxygen Media and iVillage,

6. PAYMENTS. 6.1 Payment Schedule. In consideration of Women.com's developing,  maintaining  and  promoting  the Diet Center pursuant to this Agreement,  beginning  on the tenth (10th)  day  after the execution of this Agreement and thereafter on  the last day  of  each month  during the  Term  of this Agreement, eDiets shall  pay  to Women.com a  monthly  fee in the amount set forth on Exhibit C unless  adjusted  as set forth in Section 3.1  [Advertising and Promotion].  Following  the Initial  Term  , Women.com shall have the right, upon no fewer than sixty (60) days prior  written  notice to eDiets, to  increase  the amount of the Payment Schedule;  provided  , that (i) Women.com may not  increase  the Payment Schedule more than once in any period of twelve (12) consecutive months; and (ii) such increase may not  exceed  twenty percent (20%) of the then  current  Payment Schedule. 7. REPORTING. 7.1 Women.com shall  make  advertising reports  generated  by NetGravity available to eDiets either online or in some other mutually  agreed  upon format. Such reports shall  contain  the number of impressions and other metrics attributable to each general category of advertising  specified  in Exhibit B hereto, as well as such other information as eDiets may reasonably  request  , to the extent reasonable commercial efforts and  current  technology permit. eDiets  agrees  to  accept  such advertising reports  provided  by Women.com as the official basis for  measuring  all services to be  provided  under this Agreement,  provided  , however, that if the traffic data  contained  in such reports materially  differs  (meaning a differential of 25% or more), from the data  captured  and  reported  by eDiets, the parties  agree  to either (a)  identify  the source of and  remedy  the difference or (b) equally  split  the difference between the traffic data  reported  by each party. If a technological malfunction  causes  the data  reported  by NetGravity to materially  inflate  the number of impressions  provided  eDiets by Women.com, Women.com shall  deliver  eDiets an amount of impressions equal to the overcount in accordance with the provisions for under-delivery set forth in Section 3.1  [Advertising and Promotion] hereof. 8. OWNERSHIP. 8.1 eDiets Content.
