
RESELLER AGREEMENT    This agreement ("Agreement")  dated  as of  January 11, 2011  ("Effective  Date  ") is between Diversinet Corp. ("Diversinet"), an Ontario corporation  with its principal place of business  located  at 2235 Sheppard Avenue East, Suite  1700 , Toronto, Ontario, Canada  M2J  5B5, and  2205925  Ontario  Limited, with its principal place of business  located  at 111 Main Street West, Suite 304, North Bay, Ontario P1B 2T6 (the "Reseller"). Diversinet and the Reseller are hereinafter  referred  to individually as a "Party" and, collectively, as the "Parties". The Schedules  attached  hereto  shall  form  an integral part of this Agreement, and all references to this Agreement shall be  deemed  to  include  the Schedules. WHEREAS Diversinet is a provider of mobile device security and authentication solutions for the mobile data ecosystem, and is the owner of  certain software products, user documentation and services and the related trade-marks;    AND WHEREAS Reseller has  represented  that it is qualified and desires to  act  as a reseller of certain of Diversinet's products within a certain   defined  territory, and  agrees  to  use  its best efforts to  market  and  sell  such products in such territory;    NOW THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual promises and commitments  contained  hereafter and other considerations, the receipt  and sufficiency of which is hereby  acknowledged  , the Parties have  entered  into this Agreement for the purpose of  permitting  Reseller to  market   and  sell  certain of Diversinet's products pursuant to the terms and conditions set out as  follows  . 1. Appointment  Subject to payment of the Annual Minimum Commitment ("AMC"  -  defined  herein), Diversinet hereby grants to Reseller an exclusive, non- transferable and non-assignable right to market,  sell  , and sub- license  those Diversinet products  listed  in Schedule 2 (the "Products") within the  territory  listed  in Schedule 3 (the "Territory") to Canadian  headquartered  companies, and governmental and broader public sector entities  located   in Canada. Reseller's customers (the "Customers") are  defined  as those organizations/enterprises that will  market  and  manage  the end-users of the  Products (the "End-Users"). Reseller  acknowledges  and  agrees  that it  does  not have the right to  assign  sub-resellers under this Agreement  outside of the Territory, except with the prior  written  consent of Diversinet. Furthermore, if Reseller  terminates  the AMC in the manner  contemplated  in Schedule 3, the exclusive license above shall  revert  to being a non- exclusive license. In either case, Reseller will have the non-exclusive right to  contract  in the rest of the world,  excluding  the United States. If Reseller  identifies  End- Users in the United States, with the prior  written  consent of Diversinet, Reseller may  sell  the Products to the End-Users. United Stated revenues  will not be  counted  against the AMC however Reseller will be  entitled  to the discount rates as  indicated  in Schedule 3.. In addition, Diversinet hereby grants to Reseller the right to  use  those Diversinet trademarks and  copyrighted  materials with respect to the  Products solely for the purpose of marketing and distribution of the Products as  authorized  hereunder. Reseller  acknowledges  that the use of such  trademarks and  copyrighted  materials  does  not  create  in its favour any right, whether of ownership or otherwise, to such trade-marks and   copyrighted  materials, and that all rights  arising  from the use  thereof  by Reseller shall  inure  to the benefit of Diversinet. Reseller  agrees  that the rights  granted  to Reseller in this Section 1 are solely for the purpose of  supplying  the Products to Reseller, its Customers  and End-Users  located  in the Territory. Any use outside of the rights  granted  herein shall  require  an additional license from Diversinet. 2. Ownership and Representations  (a) Except as expressly  granted  herein, Diversinet  does  not  grant  any further rights, license or immunity to Reseller, and hereby retains and   does  not  waive  any rights it may have with respect to patents, trade-marks, copyrights, moral rights or other intellectual property or  proprietary rights enforceable under the laws of any country. Reseller shall not  authorize  anyone to  reverse  engineer, decompile, alter,  transfer,  modify  or  create  a derivative work from any of the Products, nor may Reseller itself  engage  in so  doing  . (b) Reseller shall not  make  any representations or warranties  regarding  the use or operation of the Products other than those  included  in any  promotional materials  provided  by Diversinet and any Product documentation  provided  by Diversinet. 3.  Term  and Renewal  The  term  of this Agreement shall  begin  on the Effective  Date  and  continue  in effect for a period of five (5) years (the "Initial  Term  "), unless sooner   terminated  in accordance with the provisions set out herein. Upon expiration of the Initial  Term  , this Agreement shall automatically  renew  for  consecutive one (1)  year  periods, unless  terminated  by Reseller within sixty (60) days prior to the expiration of the Initial  Term  or any renewal  term  ,  as the case may be (the Initial  Term  and each renewal  term  , collectively, the " Term  "). Any  annual  renewal would be subject to the payment, if  applicable, of the AMC as  agreed  to by the parties, however such AMC will not be less than  the previous year  AMC times 115%, payable in  applicable  quarterly  instalments. 4. Termination  (a) Either Party may  terminate  this Agreement:  (i) Upon thirty (30) days'  written  notice to Reseller if Reseller  fails  to  make  any AMC payment when due under this Agreement, or when  an audit, as set out in Section 13, by Diversinet  reveals  any under-payment for any payment due, and it is not  paid  within the thirty (30)   day   written  notice period;   (ii)  providing  thirty (60) days'  written  notice to the other Party if the other Party  breaches  any material  term  or condition of this Agreement,  and  fails  to  cure  such breach within  the 60  ;  (iii) upon  day  period providing  thirty (30) days'  written  notice to Reseller if Reseller  terminates  the provisions of the Annual Minimum Commitment  and  fails  to  meet  the sales targets as set out in Schedule 3. (b) This Agreement shall  terminate  automatically without notice and without further action by Diversinet in the event that:





(i) Reseller  ceases   carrying  on its business, or if a petition shall be  filed  , an order shall be  made  or an effective resolution is  passed  for the  winding-up, dissolution or liquidation of Reseller. (c) Termination under Subsection 4(a) shall  trigger  a phase-out period during which Reseller may  continue  to  provide  products and  services to Customers. Such phase-out period shall be the longer of (i) the remaining  term  of the agreement between the Reseller and its  Customers, and (ii)  18 months . (d) Upon the termination of this Agreement for any reason: (1) all rights  granted  to Reseller hereunder shall automatically  come  to an  end and revert to Diversinet,  including  without limitation any right to  use  ,  operate  and  provide  customer service or support for the Products;  (2) Reseller shall immediately  pay  to Diversinet all amounts due and outstanding hereunder as of the  date  of such termination or expiration;  and (3) within five (5) days of termination of this Agreement, for whatever reason, Reseller, must: (a)  destroy  all copies of the Products and  any associated Products documentation in its possession or under its direct control; and (b)  deliver  to  Diversinet  a  written  certificate  warranting that it has  complied  with the foregoing obligations. 1. Customer Orders  (a) Customer Agreements. The Parties  acknowledge  and  agree  that Reseller's Customers will  acquire  the Products and  related  services under  contract with Reseller, that Diversinet shall not have any contractual interest in Reseller's Customer relationships. Prior to Reseller   committing  to  provide  any Products to a Customer, Reseller shall  cause  Customer to  enter  into purchase agreement(s) with Reseller with  respect to each of the Products  purchased  by Customer (each, a "Customer Agreement"). Reseller  agrees  that it shall  include  terms and  conditions in its Customer Agreements that are sufficient to  protect  Diversinet's interests as  reflected  in this Agreement,  including  , but not   limited  to, those terms set out in Schedule 4 hereto. Such Customer Agreements shall be subject to Diversinet's approval, which approval  shall not be unreasonably  withheld  . Reseller shall  use  commercially reasonable efforts to  ensure  that all Customers  abide  by the terms of the  applicable Customer Agreement(s). Furthermore, Reseller shall  enforce  its Customer Agreements against Customer when  requested  to  do  so  by Diversinet. For greater clarity, Diversinet  expects  that the Reseller will  include  all of the points  covered  in Section 4 in its end user  agreement. When the Reseller  receives  a customer order they will  fax  both the end user agreement and the details of the order to Diversinet  and if the end user agreement  contains  all of the points  outlined  in Section 4 then Diversinet will  approve  the order and ship the  required   products to the Reseller. (b) Ordering Process. Reseller shall  submit  all orders to Diversinet for the applicable Products. Reseller's submission of orders to Diversinet  shall  comply  at all times with Diversinet's reasonable procedures and requirements and are subject to acceptance by Diversinet acting  reasonably. Reseller shall be solely responsible for all sales activity  culminating  in and  including  the procurement of fully- executed  Customer  Agreements and purchase orders  specifying  the Products and Services  ordered  and the specific number of tokens. 1. Delivery  (a) Subject to Reseller's compliance with the terms and procedures set forth in this Agreement, Diversinet shall  provide  to Reseller or to  Customers the Products properly  ordered  by Reseller and  accepted  by Diversinet in material compliance with the applicable terms hereof,  notwithstanding any inconsistent or additional terms which Reseller  includes  in any Customer agreement. (b) Unless otherwise  agreed  to by the Parties, delivery of the Products shall  take  place via electronic transmission or by courier, and will  take   place within two (2) Business Days of a  written  request or purchase order for software and within five (5) Business Days for a standard  appliance. Custom  built  appliances or software are subject to evaluation and delivery  date  will be  communicated  after assessment. "Business  Day" shall mean  9:00 a.m.  to  5:00 p.m.  (Eastern Standard Time),  Monday  through  Friday ,  excluding  all statutory holidays  observed  in the  Province of Ontario in Canada. Delivery will be F.O.B. Diversinet's facility. Reseller shall have fifteen (15) calendar days after the later of (i)  the delivery of any of the Products by Diversinet; or (ii) any applicable evaluation period; to  inspect  the Products and  ensure  their  substantial compliance with the  corresponding  documentation. Unless Reseller  notifies  Diversinet within such fifteen (15)  day  period that  any of the Products  fail  to substantially  comply  with the relevant documentation, such Products shall be  deemed   accepted  . In the event  Reseller  rejects  any of the Products, Reseller shall  give  Diversinet  written  notice of rejection,  specifying  in reasonable detail the basis for  such rejection. Diversinet will  use  commercially reasonable efforts to  correct  any nonconformance and re -   deliver  such Products to Reseller. 1. Reseller Covenants  (a) Manner of Performance. Reseller shall: (i)  use  commercially reasonable efforts to  market  and  sell  the Products and Services to Customers;  (ii) conduct business in a competent and professional manner that  reflects  favorably at all times on the Products and the goodwill and  reputation of Diversinet; (iii)  avoid  deceptive, misleading, or unethical practices that are or might be detrimental to Diversinet or the  Products, or to the public in general; (iv) not  make  any false or misleading representations with regard to Diversinet or to the Products; (v)  not  publish  or  employ  , or  cooperate  in the publication or employment of, any misleading or deceptive advertising material with regard to  Diversinet or the Products or  related  services; (vi) not  make  any representation, warranties or guarantees to potential Customers or to the  trade with respect to the specifications, features or capabilities of the Products that are inconsistent with  published  statements  made  by  Diversinet; and (vii)  comply  with all applicable federal, state, region, and local laws and regulations  related  to the performance of its duties  hereunder. (b) Reporting Requirements. Reseller shall, on a  monthly  basis,  communicate  to Diversinet information about Customers as reasonably   requested  by Diversinet  including  , but not  limited  to, Customer business, marketing, sales and technical information, installation, service  delivery and on- going  maintenance information. (c) Technical Expertise. Reseller and its staff shall be conversant with the technical language conventional to the Products and similar  technologies in general, and will  develop  sufficient knowledge of the industry, of the Products and of products competitive with the  Products ( including  specifications, features and benefits) in order to  explain  in detail to potential Customers and End Users the differences  between the Products and competitive products and services. (d) Branding. Reseller may  provide  its own branding for the Products; however Reseller will  include  a " powered  by Diversinet" tag or such  similar identifiers as mutually  agreed  to by the Parties. Should Reseller  require  Diversinet to  brand  the Product, then such work will be   done  under a separate statement of work to be  agreed  upon in writing by the Parties. 1. Fees and Billing





(a) Rates. For the Diversinet Products  sold  or  distributed  by Reseller, Reseller shall  pay  Diversinet the applicable list price, in U.S. dollars, for  such Product, less the applicable discount for each Product, all as set out in Schedule 3. Any reference to any amounts or currency in this  Agreement means United States dollars or U.S. dollars. (b) Billing. Diversinet will  invoice  Reseller for applicable one time Token Fees and the upfront  annual  Validation and Support Fee upon  setting   up a master account for each Customer and pre- loading  it with MobiSecure tokens. Other fees and charges payable under this Agreement  will be  invoiced  to Reseller  according  to terms set out in this Agreement or any applicable schedules or attachments hereto. Reseller shall be  responsible for payment to Diversinet of all  invoiced  amounts for Products and services  provided  by Diversinet at Reseller's request to  Reseller, its Customers and/or End-Users. (c) Payment Terms. Invoices are due and payable within 30 calendar days from the invoice  date  or from when the amount is due, whichever is  later. (d) Late Charges and Taxes. All overdue amounts shall  bear  interest at the rate of 1% per  month  (12% per annum, simple interest), or the  highest rate  allowed  by applicable law, whichever is less, until  paid  in full. Interest shall  accrue  on a daily basis. Fees  do  not  include  any  sales, transfer, use, property, value  added  and other taxes, or any customs duties, tariffs or other governmental charges, all of which (if any  are due and have been  incurred  within the Territory) are  assumed  and payable by Reseller (except for taxes  imposed  on Diversinet's net  income).  Providing  proof of an exemption from any such duty, tax or charge is the responsibility of Reseller. Diversinet acknowledges and   agrees  that Reseller shall  withhold  any applicable non-resident withholding taxes from any amount  owing  hereunder and  remit  such taxes to  the applicable federal  taxing  authority without provision for gross-up, if Diversinet  becomes  a non-resident of Canada or  assigns  the  Agreement to a non-resident of Canada and if Diversinet  does  not  provide  Reseller with an appropriate exemption thereto. (e) Network Charges.
