
Exhibit 10.5

Certain identified information has been  excluded  because it is both not material and would likely  cause  competitive harm if publicly  disclosed  . COMMERCIALIZATION AND LICENSE AGREEMENT

This Commercialization and License Agreement (this "Agreement") is  made  effective as of  December 17, 2019  (the "Effective  Date  ") by and between Vyera Pharmaceuticals, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("Vyera"), and CytoDyn Inc., a Delaware corporation ("CytoDyn"). CytoDyn and Vyera are sometimes  referred  to herein individually as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties."

RECITALS

WHEREAS, Vyera is a pharmaceutical company  engaged  in the commercialization of products useful in the amelioration, treatment or prevention of certain human diseases and conditions. WHEREAS, CytoDyn has  developed  leronlimab (PRO 140), an anti-CCR5 humanized monoclonal antibody and is  pursuing  the clinical development of its PRO 140 drug candidate for the treatment of multi-drug resistant Human Immunodeficiency Virus ("HIV") infection, as well as related HIV infection indications. WHEREAS, the Parties  desire  that, upon regulatory approval of PRO 140 for the Initial Indication (as  defined  below), Vyera will Commercialize (as  defined  below) Licensed Products (as  defined  below) in the Field (as  defined  below) in the Territory (as  defined  below), all in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the premises and conditions set forth herein, the Parties  agree  as  follows  :

ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS

1.1 "AAA" has the meaning set forth in Section 12.3(a). 1.2 "AAI Agreement" has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2(o). 1.3 "Affiliate" means, with respect to a particular Party, a Person that  controls  , is  controlled  by or is under common control with such Party. For the purposes of this definition, the word "control" ( including  , with correlative meaning, the terms " controlled  by" or "under the common control with") means the actual power, either directly or indirectly through one (1) or more intermediaries, to  direct  or  cause  the direction of the management and policies of such entity, whether by the ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the voting stock of such entity, by contract or otherwise. 1.4 "AGC Agreement" has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2(o). 1.5 "Agreement" has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph. 1.6 "Alliance Manager" means, with respect to each Party, the person  appointed  by such Party from within its organization to  coordinate  and  facilitate  the communication, interaction and cooperation of the Parties pursuant to this Agreement. The Alliance Managers shall be the primary contacts between the Parties with respect to the activities  conducted  pursuant to this Agreement. 1.7 "Annual WAC" means the  annual  wholesale acquisition cost for the Licensed Product. Source: CYTODYN INC., 10-Q,  1/9/2020 





1.8 "API" means an active pharmaceutical ingredient, whether  produced  from a  living  organism or through synthetic process (i.e., any substance  intended  to be  used  in the manufacture of a drug product and that is  intended  to  furnish  pharmacological activity in the cure, treatment or prevention of disease). 1.9 "Applicable Law" means all applicable statutes, ordinances, regulations, rules, or orders of any kind whatsoever of any Governmental Authority,  including  , without limitation, the FDCA, Prescription Drug Marketing Act, the Generic Drug Enforcement Act of  1992  (21 U.S.C. §335a et seq.), U.S. Patent Act (35 U.S.C. §1 et seq.), Federal Civil False Claims Act (31 U.S.C. §3729 et seq.), and Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S.C. §1320a-7b et seq.), all as  amended  from time to time, together with any rules, regulations, and compliance guidance  promulgated  thereunder. 1.10 "Arbitration Request" has the meaning set forth in Section 12.3(b). 1.11 "Bankruptcy Laws" has the meaning set forth in Section 11.6(b). 1.12 "Biosimilar Competitor" means, with respect to the Licensed Product, a drug or biological product that has been  determined  by the FDA to be therapeutically equivalent to the Licensed Product, such that it may be  substituted  by a pharmacist for the Licensed Product in the Field in the Territory without the need for such pharmacist to  seek  authorization from the physician that  prescribed  the Licensed Product. 1.13 "Biosimilar Entry  Date  " means the first  day  of the first Calendar Quarter that  occurs  after Biosimilar Competitor(s) have  achieved  at least [***] in the Field in the Territory. 1.14 "BLA" means a Biologics License Application (as  defined  in the FDCA),  including  all supplements, amendments, variations, extensions and renewals thereof. 1.15 "Breaching Party" has the meaning set forth in Section 11.4. 1.16 "Business Day" means  a day  other than  Saturday ,  Sunday  or any other  day  on which commercial banks  located  in the State of New York or the State of Washington, U.S., are  authorized  or  obligated  by Applicable Law to  close  . 1.17 "Calendar Quarter" means the respective periods of three (3) consecutive calendar months  ending  on  March 31 ,  June 30 ,  September 30  and  December 31 ;  provided  , however, that (a) the first Calendar Quarter of the  Term  shall  extend  from the Effective  Date  to the end of the first complete Calendar Quarter thereafter; and (b) the last Calendar Quarter of the  Term  shall  end  upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 1.18 "Calendar Year" means  the twelve-   month  period ending  on  December 31 ;  provided  , however, that (a) the first Calendar Year of the  Term  shall  begin  on the Effective  Date  and  end  on  December 31, 2019 ; and (b) the last Calendar Year of the  Term  shall  end  on the effective  date  of expiration or termination of this Agreement. 1.19 "Change of Control" means, with respect to Vyera, (a) the sale of all or substantially all of its assets; (b) any merger, consolidation or acquisition of Vyera, by or into another Person; and/or (c) any change in the ownership of more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting capital stock of Vyera or its direct or indirect parent entities, other than: (i) transactions  involving  solely Vyera (or an Affiliate, as applicable) and/or one or more Affiliates, on the one hand, and one or more of Vyera's (or an Affiliate's, as applicable) Affiliates, on the other hand, and/or (ii) transactions in which the stockholders of Vyera (or an Affiliate, as applicable) immediately prior to such transaction  hold  at least fifty percent (50%) of the  voting  power of the  surviving  company or ultimate parent company of the  surviving  company; in each of clauses (a)-(c), in one or more related transactions. Source: CYTODYN INC., 10-Q,  1/9/2020 





1.20 "Claim" has the meaning set forth in Section 13.1. 1.21 "Clinical Trial" means any human clinical study or trial of a Licensed Product in the Field in the Territory. 1.22 "Combination Product" means a product that is  Commercialized  by Vyera and/or its Affiliates under this Agreement and that  comprises  ,  consists  of, or  incorporates  two or more APIs (whether  administered  together or separately), which  includes  leronlimab as one of the APIs together with one or more additional APIs that: (a) are not leronlimab; and (b) are not proprietary to CytoDyn, regardless of the formulation or mode of administration of such Combination Product. For the sake of clarity, a Combination Product is a Licensed Product. 1.23 "Commercial Failure" means that Vyera  fails  to  achieve  aggregate [***]. 1.24 "Commercialization" means any and all pre- launch  , launch and post-launch activities  related  to the marketing,  promoting  ,  distributing  (to Third Parties),  offering  for sale and  selling  a Licensed Product in the Field in the Territory. For clarity, Commercialization  does  not  include  Development and/or Manufacturing of a Licensed Product. When  used  as a verb, "Commercialize" means to  engage  in Commercialization. 1.25 "Commercialization Plan" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.2. 1.26 "Commercially Reasonable Efforts" means: (a) with respect to the efforts to be  expended  , or considerations to be  undertaken  , by a Party or its Affiliate with respect to any objective, activity or decision to be  undertaken  hereunder, reasonable, good faith efforts to  accomplish  such objective, activity or decision as such Party would normally  use  to  accomplish  a similar objective, activity or decision under similar circumstances; and (b) with respect to Development and Commercialization of any Licensed Product for any indication by a Party, efforts and resources consistent with those efforts and resources commonly  used  by a similarly  situated  biotechnology company with respect to a product  owned  by it or to which it has similar rights, which product is at a similar stage in its development or product life and is of similar market potential  taking  into account (i) the patent and other proprietary position of the Licensed Product and (ii) the  anticipated  profitability of the Licensed Product. 1.27 "Competitive Product" means any product for the treatment or prevention of [***],  leronlimab  that is not a Licensed Product. 1.28 "Confidential Information" means, subject to Article 10, all non-public or proprietary information not otherwise  included  in Know-How  disclosed  by either Party to the other Party in connection with the activities  contemplated  by this Agreement, which may  include  ideas, inventions, discoveries, concepts, compounds, compositions, formulations, formulas, practices, procedures, processes, methods, knowledge, know-how, trade secrets, technology, inventories, machines, techniques, development, designs, drawings, computer programs, knowledge, skill, experience, documents, apparatus, results, clinical and regulatory strategies, Regulatory Documentation, and submissions  pertaining  to, or  made  in association with, filings with any Governmental Authority, data,  including  pharmacological, toxicological and clinical data, analytical and quality control data,  manufacturing  data and descriptions, patent and legal data, market data, financial data or descriptions, devices, assays, chemical formulations, specifications, material, product samples and other samples, physical, chemical and biological materials and compounds and information  related  to such materials and compounds, and any modifications, improvements, designs, and recipes without regard as to whether any of the foregoing is  marked  "confidential" or "proprietary," or  disclosed  in oral,  written  , graphic, or electronic form. Confidential Information shall  include  the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Source: CYTODYN INC., 10-Q,  1/9/2020 





1.29 "Control" or " Controlled  " means, with respect to any Know-How, Patent or other intellectual property right, possession ( including  ownership) by a Party,  including  its Affiliates, of the ability (without  taking  into account any rights  granted  by a Party to the other Party under the terms of this Agreement) to  grant  access, a license or a sublicense to such  Know  -How, Patent or other intellectual property right without  violating  the terms of any agreement or other arrangement with, or  necessitating  the consent of, any Third Party, at such time that the Party would be first  required  under this Agreement to  grant  the other Party such access, license or sublicense. 1.30 "Cost of Goods" means the amount  paid  to CytoDyn by Vyera for the supply of Licensed Products under the Supply Agreement (net of any mark-up  applied  under the Supply Agreement). The Cost of Goods shall be the Cost of Manufacture of Licensed Products  manufactured  by CytoDyn (if applicable) or the amount actually  paid  by CytoDyn to a Third Party for the Manufacture and supply of such Licensed Products. 1.31 "Cost of Manufacture" [***]. 1.32 "Cover", " Covering  " or " Covered  " means, with respect to a product, technology, process or method, that, in the absence of ownership of, or a license  granted  under, a Valid Claim, the practice or Commercialization of such product, technology, process or method would  infringe  such Valid Claim (or, in the case of a Valid Claim that has not yet  issued  , would  infringe  such Valid Claim if it were to  issue  in its then  current  form or in a substantially similar version). 1.33 "Cure Period" has the meaning set forth in Section 11.4. 1.34 "CytoDyn" has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph. 1.35 "CytoDyn Indemnitee" has the meaning set forth in Section 13.1. 1.36 "CytoDyn Know-How" means any and all  Know  -How  Controlled  by CytoDyn either or both as of the Effective  Date  or during the  Term  that is necessary or useful to Commercialize any Licensed Product in the Field in the Territory. 1.37 "CytoDyn Patents" means any and all Patents  Controlled  by CytoDyn either or both as of the Effective  Date  or during the  Term  that  claim  any CytoDyn Know-How or Inventions. The CytoDyn Patents as of the Effective  Date   include  those set forth on Attachment A. CytoDyn may  update  Attachment A from time to time to  remove  reference to  expired  Patents and to  include  reference to additional Patents. 1.38 "CytoDyn Reserved Dispute" has the meaning set forth in Section 12.4. 1.39 " Develop  " or "Development" means all research and non-clinical and clinical drug development activities,  including  toxicology, pharmacology, and other non-clinical efforts, statistical analysis, formulation development, delivery system development, the performance of Clinical Trials,  including  the Manufacturing, as applicable, of the Licensed Product for use in research and Clinical Trials, or other activities reasonably necessary in order to  obtain  and  maintain  Regulatory Approval of Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory. When  used  as a verb, " Develop  " means to  engage  in Development activities. Source: CYTODYN INC., 10-Q,  1/9/2020 





1.40 "Development Plan" means the Development Plan  attached  hereto as Attachment B, as it may be  amended  in accordance with Section 4.3. 1.41 "Disclosing Party" has the meaning set forth in Section 10.1. 1.42 "Disposition Period" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6. 1.43 "Dispute" has the meaning set forth in Section 12.1. 1.44 "Effective  Date  " has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph. 1.45 "Equity Investment" has the meaning set forth in Section 8.13. 1.46 "Existing Licenses" has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2(b). 1.47 "FDA" means the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and any successor agency(ies) or authority  having  substantially the same function. 1.48 "FDCA" means the United States Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act of  1938  (21 U.S.C. §301 et seq.) and applicable regulations  promulgated  thereunder, as  amended  from time to time. 1.49 "Field" means the treatment of HIV in humans. 1.50 "Financial Statements" means (a) the  audited  consolidated balance sheet of Vyera's parent company, Phoenixus AG and its subsidiaries, for the fiscal  year   ended   December 31, 2018 , and the related consolidated statement of operations, shareholders' equity and cash flows for the fiscal  year  then  ended  , and (b) the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of Phoenixus AG for the eight (8) months  ended   August 31, 2019 , and the related consolidated profit and loss statements for the eight (8) months then  ended  . 1.51 "First Commercial Sale" means, with respect to a Licensed Product, the first sale of such Licensed Product to a Third Party by Vyera or its Affiliates after Regulatory Approval of such Licensed Product has been  obtained  . Sales for test marketing, sampling and promotional uses, compassionate or similar use shall not  constitute  a First Commercial Sale unless such sale results in a Net Sale. 1.52 [***].
