
Exhibit 10.4 CONSULTING AGREEMENT This Consulting Agreement ("Agreement") is  made  and  entered  into as of  May 1, 2019  ("Effective  Date  ") by and between Driven Deliveries, Inc. ("Company"), a Nevada corporation, and TruckThat LLC ("Consultant"). Company and Consultant shall sometimes be  referred  to herein singularly as a "Party" or collectively as the "Parties" to this Agreement. WHEREAS, the Company  desires  to  retain  Consultant as an independent contractor to  perform  consulting services for the Company, and Consultant is willing to  perform  such services on the terms set forth below. In consideration of the mutual promises  contained  here, the Parties hereby  agree  as  follows  : 1. Services and Compensation. 1.1. Services. Consultant shall  perform  the following services: - The Consultant will  provide  the Company services as a Strategic Marketing & Fundraising Consultant. - The Consultant shall be responsible for the strategic planning of business expansion,  including  Fundraising and Stock Promotion, of the Company and its subsidiaries. - These Services shall  include  Marketing guidance and support, not  limited  to: ○ Graphics ○ Web ○ Social ○ Brand - These Services will  include  updates to  investor  decks, customer sales decks and other marketing material available to the public - The Company will  provide  the Consultant with the appropriate level of resources and information to  perform  such duties, and the Consultant shall be  reimbursed  for fees and expenses  approved  by the Company. - The Consultant will  report  directly to the CEO of the and will  keep  the CEO  informed  of all matters  concerning  the Services as  requested  by the CEO from time to time. - The Consultant  acknowledges  that he may be  required  to  travel  in order to  provide  the Services. 1.2 Compensation. The Company shall  pay  Consultant a flat fee consulting rate of $18,000 per  month  . 1.3 Expenses. The Company shall  reimburse  Consultant, in accordance with Company policy, for all reasonable expenses  incurred  by Consultant in  performing  the Services pursuant to this Agreement, but only if Consultant  receives   written  consent from an authorized agent of the Company prior to  incurring  such expenses and  submits  receipts for such expenses to the Company in accordance with the Company's general expense reimbursement policies. TruckThat LLC Consulting Agreement Page 1 of 7





2. Confidentiality. 2.1. Definition of Confidential Information. "Confidential Information" means any nonpublic information that  relates  to the actual or  anticipated  business and/or products, research or development of the Company, its affiliates or subsidiaries, or to the Company's, its affiliates' or subsidiaries' technical data, trade secrets, or know-how,  including  , but not  limited  to, research, product plans, or other information  regarding  the Company's, its affiliates' or subsidiaries' products or services and markets therefore, customer lists and customers ( including  , but not  limited  to, customers of the Company on whom Consultant  called  or with whom Consultant  became   acquainted  during the  term  of this Agreement), software, developments, inventions, processes, formulas, technology, designs, drawings, engineering, hardware configuration information, marketing, finances, and other business information  disclosed  by the Company, its affiliates or subsidiaries, either directly or indirectly, in writing, orally or by drawings or inspection of premises, parts, equipment, or other property of Company, its affiliates or subsidiaries. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information shall not  include  any such information which Consultant can  establish  (i) was publicly  known  or  made  generally available prior to the time of disclosure to Consultant; (ii)  becomes  publicly  known  or  made  generally available after disclosure to Consultant through no wrongful action or inaction of Consultant; or (iii) is in the rightful possession of Consultant, without confidentiality obligations, at the time of disclosure as  shown  by Consultant's then-contemporaneous  written  records. 2.2. Nonuse and Nondisclosure. During and after the  term  of this Agreement, Consultant will  hold  in the strictest confidence, and  take  all reasonable precautions to  prevent  any unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information, and Consultant will not (i)  use  the Confidential Information for any purpose whatsoever other than as necessary for the performance of the Services on behalf of the Company, or (ii)  disclose  the Confidential Information to any third party without the prior  written  consent of an  authorized  representative of Company. Consultant shall not  copy  ,  transfer  , or otherwise  transmit  Confidential Information to non-company electronic devices,  including  but not  limited  to computers, data storage devices, and disks. Consultant may  disclose  Confidential Information to the extent  compelled  by applicable law;  provided  however, prior to such disclosure, Consultant shall  provide  prior  written  notice to Company and  seek  a protective order or such similar confidential protection as may be available under applicable law at Company's expense. In any event, Consultant shall only  disclose  that Confidential Information  required  to be  disclosed  and shall  maintain  its confidentiality for all other purposes. Consultant  agrees  that no ownership of Confidential Information is  conveyed  to the Consultant. Without  limiting  the foregoing, Consultant shall not  use  or  disclose  any Company property, intellectual property rights, trade secrets or other proprietary know-how of the Company to  invent  , author,  make  ,  develop  , design, or otherwise  enable  others to invent, author,  make  ,  develop  , or design identical or substantially similar designs as those  developed  under this Agreement for any third party. Consultant  agrees  that Consultant's obligations under this Section 2.2 shall  continue  after the termination of this Agreement. 2.3. Other Client Confidential Information. Consultant  agrees  that Consultant will not improperly  use  ,  disclose  , or  induce  the Company to  use  any proprietary information or trade secrets of any former or concurrent employer of Consultant or other person or entity with which Consultant has an obligation to  keep  in confidence. Consultant also  agrees  that Consultant will not  bring  onto the Company's premises or  transfer  onto the Company's technology  systems  any unpublished document, proprietary information, or trade secrets  belonging  to any third party unless disclosure to, and  use  by, the Company has been  consented  to in writing by such third party. 2.4. Third Party Confidential Information. Consultant  recognizes  that the Company has  received  , and in the future will  receive  , from third parties their confidential or proprietary information subject to a duty on the Company's part to  maintain  the confidentiality of such information and to  use  it only for certain limited purposes. Consultant  agrees  that at all times during the  term  of this Agreement and thereafter, Consultant  owes  the Company and such third parties a duty to  hold  all such confidential or proprietary information in the strictest confidence and not to  use  it or to  disclose  it to any person, firm, corporation, or other third party except as necessary in  carrying  out the Services for the Company consistent with the Company's agreement with such third party. 3. Ownership. 3.1. Assignment of Inventions. Consultant  agrees  that all right, title, and interest in and to any material, notes, records, drawings, designs, inventions, improvements, developments, discoveries and trade secrets  conceived  ,  discovered  ,  authored  ,  invented  ,  developed  or  reduced  to  practice  by Consultant, solely or in collaboration with others, whether or not patentable or copyrightable, during the  term  of this Agreement and  arising  out of, or in connection with,  performing  the Services under this Agreement and any copyrights, patents, trade secrets,  mask  work rights or other intellectual property rights  relating  to the foregoing (collectively, "Inventions"), are the sole property of the Company. Consultant also  agrees  to promptly  make  full  written  disclosure to the Company of any Inventions and to  deliver  and  assign  (or  cause  to be  assigned  ) and irrevocably  assigns  fully to the Company all right, title and interest in and to the Inventions. Without  limiting  the foregoing, all Inventions shall be  deemed  Confidential Information of the Company. TruckThat LLC Consulting Agreement Page 2 of 7





3.2. Pre-Existing Materials. Subject to Section 3.1, Consultant  agrees  that if, in the course of  performing  the Services, Consultant  incorporates  into any Invention or  utilizes  in the performance of the Services any pre- existing  invention, discovery, original works of authorship, development, improvements, trade secret, concept, or other proprietary information or intellectual property right  owned  by Consultant or in which Consultant has an interest ("Prior Inventions"), (i) Consultant will  provide  the Company with prior  written  notice and (ii) the Company is hereby  granted  a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, transferable, worldwide license (with the right to  grant  and  authorize  sublicenses) to  make  , have  made  , use, import, offer for sale,  sell  ,  reproduce  ,  distribute  ,  modify  , adapt,  prepare  derivative works of, display,  perform  , and otherwise  exploit  such Prior Inventions, without restriction,  including  , without limitation, as part of or in connection with such Invention, and to  practice  any method  related  thereto. Consultant will not  incorporate  any invention, improvement, development, concept, discovery, work of authorship or other proprietary information  owned  by any third party into any Invention without Company's prior  written  permission,  including  without limitation any free software or open source software. 3.3. Moral Rights. Any assignment to the Company of Inventions  includes  all rights of attribution, paternity, integrity, modification, disclosure and withdrawal, and any other rights throughout the world that may be  known  as or  referred  to as "moral rights," "artist's rights," "droit moral," or the like (collectively, "Moral Rights"). To the extent that Moral Rights cannot be  assigned  under applicable law, Consultant hereby waives and  agrees  not to  enforce  any and all Moral Rights,  including  , without limitation, any limitation on subsequent modification, to the extent  permitted  under applicable law. 3.4. Maintenance of Records. Consultant  agrees  to  keep  and  maintain  adequate,  current , accurate, and authentic  written  records of all Inventions  made  by Consultant (solely or jointly with others) during the  term  of this Agreement, and for a period of three (3) years thereafter. The records will be in the form of notes, sketches, drawings, electronic files, reports, or any other format that is customary in the industry and/or otherwise  specified  by the Company. Such records are and  remain  the sole property of the Company at all times and upon Company's request, Consultant shall  deliver  (or  cause  to be  delivered  ) the same. 3.5. Further Assurances. Consultant  agrees  to  assist  Company, or its designee, at the Company's expense, in every proper way to  secure  the Company's rights in Inventions in any and all countries,  including  the disclosure to the Company of all pertinent information and data with respect thereto, the execution of all applications, specifications, oaths, assignments and all other instruments that the Company may  deem  necessary in order to  apply  for,  register  ,  obtain  ,  maintain  ,  defend  , and  enforce  such rights, and in order to  deliver  ,  assign  and  convey  to the Company, its successors, assigns and nominees the sole and exclusive right, title, and interest in and to all Inventions and  testifying  in a suit or other proceeding  relating  to such Inventions. Consultant further  agrees  that Consultant's obligations under this Section 3.5 shall  continue  after the termination of this Agreement. 3.6. Attorney-in-Fact. Consultant  agrees  that, if the Company is unable because of Consultant's unavailability, dissolution, mental or physical incapacity, or for any other reason, to  secure  Consultant's signature with respect to any Inventions,  including  , without limitation, for the purpose of  applying  for or  pursuing  any application for any United States or foreign patents or  mask  work or copyright registrations  covering  the Inventions  assigned  to the Company in Section 3.1, then Consultant hereby irrevocably  designates  and  appoints  the Company and its duly  authorized  officers and agents as Consultant's agent and attorney-in-fact, to  act  for and on Consultant's behalf to  execute  and  file  any papers and oaths and to  do  all other lawfully  permitted  acts with respect to such Inventions to  further  the prosecution and issuance of patents, copyright and mask work registrations with the same legal force and effect as if  executed  by Consultant. This power of attorney shall be  deemed   coupled  with an interest, and shall be irrevocable. TruckThat LLC Consulting Agreement Page 3 of 7





4. Consultant Obligations. 4.1. Representations and Warranties. Consultant  represents  and warrants that: (a) Consultant has no agreements, relationships, or commitments to any other person or entity that conflict with the provisions of this Agreement, Consultant's obligations to the Company under this Agreement, and/or Consultant's ability to  perform  the Services and Consultant will not  enter  into any such conflicting agreement during the  term  of this Agreement; (b) In the course of  performing  the Services and  providing  the deliverables hereunder, neither it nor Consultant's employees or contractors will  violate  or  infringe  any proprietary rights of any third party,  including  , without limitation, confidential relationships, trade secrets, patents, trademarks or copyrights; (c) The Services  provided  shall be  performed  in a timely, professional and workmanlike manner of a high grade, nature, and quality, and in accordance with any deadlines  agreed  between Consultant and Company; and (d) Consultant has in place and/or will  obtain   written  agreements with its employees and contractors sufficient to  protect  Company's Confidential Information in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and to  allow  Consultant to  provide  the assignments and licenses to intellectual property rights  developed  by such parties in connection with the performance of the Services. 4.2 Covenant Not to Compete. Consultant  does  not presently  perform  or  intend  to  perform  , during the  term  of this Agreement, consulting or other services for, or  engage  in or  intend  to  engage  in an employment relationship with, companies who  businesses  or  proposed  businesses in any way  involve  products or services which would be competitive with the Company's products or services, or those products or services  proposed  or in development by the Company during the  term  of this Agreement. 4.3 Non-Solicitation. Consultant expressly  agrees  that he will not, without the prior  written  consent of the Company, either directly or indirectly on his own behalf, or in the service or on behalf of others, solicit,  divert  or  hire  away, or  attempt  to  solicit  ,  divert  or  hire  away any person  employed  by the Company for a period of five (5) years for any reason, and without limitation for the purpose of  harming  the Company or of  obtaining  and  disseminating  its trade secrets, or other proprietary and confidential information. Consultant also expressly  agrees  that he will not, without the prior  written  consent of the Company, either directly or indirectly on his own behalf, or in the service or on behalf of others, solicit, divert, or  attempt  to  solicit  or  divert  any customer, client, supplier or vendor of the Company for a period of five (5) years for any reason, and without limitation for the purpose of  harming  the Company or of  obtaining  and  disseminating  its trade secrets, or other proprietary and confidential information 4.4 Non-Circumvention. Consultant expressly  agrees  that he will not  pursue  or  engage  in any transaction to which he was first  introduced  through his consulting and/or any other business or employment relationship with the Company, or to  contact  directly or indirectly any party of interest  related  to such transactions, without the prior  written  consent of the Company. 5. Return of Company Materials.
