
Exhibit 10.1    STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT    This Strategic Alliance Agreement (this "Agreement"), effective as of  15 April, 2009  (the "Effective  Date  "), is by and between Information  System Associates, Inc., a Florida Corporation whose  registered  office is  1151  Southwest 30th Street, Suite E, Palm City FL, 34990 ("ISA") and  Rubicon Software Group plc, a company  registered  under the laws of England and Wales (Registered Company No. 5701810) whose  registered   office is Rubicon House, Guildford Road, West End, Surrey GU24 9PW ("Rubicon"). Background    WHEREAS, Rubicon  desires  to  engage  ISA as Rubicon's exclusive agent in the United States for the purposes of  reselling  Rubicon's  software and services;    WHEREAS, ISA  desires  to  engage  Rubicon as its software development partner and to  provide  various consulting services in Europe;  and    WHEREAS, ISA and Rubicon  desire  to  enter  into this Agreement for the purpose of  granting  ISA the right to  distribute  such products  and services and Rubicon to  supply  such services. NOW, THEREFORE, the parties  hereto  ,  intending  to be legally  bound  , hereby  agree  as hereinafter set forth. 1. DEFINITIONS. 1.1 Confidential Information shall mean all non-public information of a Party, which is  disclosed  to the other Party hereunder,  including  ,  without limitation, trade secrets, technical information, business information, sales information, marketing information, customer- buying  patterns,  algorithms, customer and potential customer lists and identities, product sales plans, sublicense agreements, inventions, developments,  discoveries, software,  know  -how, methods, techniques, formulae, data, processes and other trade secrets and proprietary ideas, whether or not protectable under patent, trademark, copyright or other areas of law, and any other information  marked  as "proprietary"  or "confidential" at the  time of disclosure. Notwithstanding the foregoing, "Confidential Information" shall not  include  any information that (a) was or has  become   publicly available without restriction through no fault of the  receiving  Party or its employees or agents; (b) is  received  without restriction from a  third party that, to the best knowledge of the  receiving  Party,  did  not have an obligation of confidentiality to the  disclosing  Party; (c) was  rightfully in possession of the  receiving  Party without restriction prior to its disclosure by the other Party; or (d) was independently  developed  by  employees of the  receiving  Party that had no knowledge of or access to such information, as  evidenced  by  written  records of the  receiving  Party. 1.2 Contract Services shall mean various software development and implementation services to be  provided  by Rubicon as  described  in  one or more Statement(s) of Work ("SOW") that reference this Agreement in a form substantially similar to that set forth in Exhibit A. 1.3 Day Rate shall mean the daily rate at which Rubicon will  provide  services to ISA or ISA Clients. The Day Rate for each type of service   provided  will be as per the rate card set out in Exhibit C, such rates to be subject to  annual  review by the Parties on the anniversary of this  Agreement  provided  that such rates may be  reviewed  on an ad hoc basis at any time should the Parties  become  aware of specific information  which  impacts  on the validity or feasibility of the Day Rate. 1.4 Commission Rate shall mean the commission rate which will be  used  to  calculate  any amount which Rubicon will  pay  to ISA after the  provision of Rubicon Offerings to ISA Clients as set forth in Exhibit D, such rates to be subject to  annual  review by the Parties on the anniversary  of this Agreement  provided  that such rates may be  reviewed  on an ad hoc basis at any time should the Parties  become  aware of specific  information which  impacts  on the validity or feasibility of the Commission Rate. 1.5 Documentation shall mean the  printed  and/or electronic materials  relating  to the Rubicon Offerings,  including  , but not  limited  to,  user's manuals and technical manuals as may be  provided  by Rubicon to ISA. 1.6 Due Diligence Services shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.3, below. 1.7 End User shall mean a party that  obtains  a license to  use  the Rubicon Offerings from ISA or a customer of ISA under the terms and  conditions set forth herein. 1.8 Intellectual Property shall mean any and all trade secrets, patents, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade names, domain names,  trade dress, URLs, brand features,  know  -how and similar rights of any type under the laws of any applicable governmental authority,  including  ,  without limitation, all applications and registrations  relating  to any of the foregoing.. 1.9  ISA Client shall mean: (i) an entity to which Rubicon  provides  services pursuant to Section 3, below; and (ii) an entity that ISA has   consulted  with before or during the  Term   regarding  the provision of goods or services. 1.10 Notice shall have the meaning  ascribed  thereto in Section 11.5. 1.11 Parties shall mean ISA and Rubicon. 1.12 Rubicon Offerings shall mean (i) the software programs  described  in Exhibit B, (as may be  updated  from time to time) in object code  format, and  including  all corrections, updates, modifications and enhancements to such software that may be  provided  to ISA by Rubicon from  time to time; and (ii) software development services. 1.13  Term  shall have the meaning  ascribed  thereto in Section 6.1. 1.14 Share Subscription Agreement shall mean the agreement in the  agreed  form between ISA and Rubicon whereby ISA shall  subscribe   for shares in Rubicon. 2. ISA RESELLER SERVICES. 2.1 Rubicon hereby grants to ISA during the  Term  (as  defined  below) and subject to the exclusions  described  in 2.4 below an exclusive, non-transferable license in the United States to market,  sell  , use, display,  perform  , sublicense and  distribute  the Rubicon Offerings, the  Documentation and, subject to Section 2.2, any upgrades thereto, subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement. As  used  in this Section  2.1, the terms "market," "sale," " sell  ," " distribute  ," and "sublicense" shall mean the sale of a license  having  a  term  of  at least one year  to an End  User pursuant to which the End User may  use  ,  perform  and  display  the Rubicon Offerings and the Documentation. This license is  granted  to ISA  for the marketing, sale and distribution of the Rubicon Offerings and the Documentation to  End  Users for their internal use only. 2.2 Rubicon hereby grants to ISA during the  Term  and subject to the exclusions  described  in 2.4 below an exclusive, non-transferable  license in the United States to  grant  licenses to  use  , display,  perform  and  distribute  the Rubicon Offerings and the Documentation to other  resellers,  including  , but not  limited  to, distributors, Original Equipment Manufacturers, system integrators and Value- Added  Resellers, for further  sale and distribution to  End  Users for their use as  described  above, subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement. 2.3 The license grants  described  in Sections 2.1 and 2.2 shall  include  all upgrades to the Rubicon Offerings and the Documentation. Rubicon shall promptly  notify  ISA of each such upgrade to the Rubicon Offering and the Documentation which will be available to ISA under this  Agreement. 2.4 The exclusive licenses  described  in Sections 2.1 and 2.2 shall not  include  customer agreements, sales of Rubicon Offerings and/or  Documentation which  arise  through customer marketing and distribution arrangements which are in place between Rubicon and third parties at the   date  hereof. Rubicon  agrees  not to  enter  into any additional agreement to  sell  Rubicon Offerings or Documentation or additional distribution  arrangements with third parties in the United States from the  date  hereof without the prior  written  approval of ISA, which approval shall not be  unreasonably  withheld  . 3. RUBICON SERVICES. 3.1 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Rubicon shall  provide  the Contract Services, as  agreed  between ISA to  Rubicon in the relevant SOW, to ISA's reasonable satisfaction. The Contract Services shall be  performed  at the facilities and location reasonably   designated  by ISA (with appropriate agreements in place to  ensure  reasonable reimbursement to Rubicon of out-of-pocket expenses). Upon   written  request of ISA, Rubicon shall  provide  biweekly  written  reports  describing  the progress  made  in  performing  the Contract Services since the   preceding  report, and the progress  expected  to be  made  in the next  succeeding  period. 3.2 ISA may, at any time,  request  reasonable additions, deletions, or revisions in the Contract Services by  delivering  a change order to  Rubicon. Upon receipt of a change order from ISA, Rubicon shall  notify  ISA of any price revisions which are  associated  with the change order and  if ISA  agree  to the  revised  charges, the parties shall  proceed  with the Contract Services as  revised  . All such Contract Services shall be  executed   under the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the applicable SOW (as  revised  by the change order). If any change order  causes  an  increase or decrease in the cost of the Services to be  performed  or  scheduled  completion  date  or expenses  incurred  or to be  incurred  by Rubicon,  an equitable adjustment will be  made  by mutual agreement. 3.3 From time to time and as  agreed  between ISA and Rubicon, Rubicon shall  provide  due diligence services  regarding  the software and  other technology issues of potential merger and acquisition, joint venture or other strategic partner companies (a "Target Company") that may be   identified  by ISA (the "Due Diligence Services"). In connection with any such Due Diligence Services, Rubicon  agrees  that it shall  abide  by the  reasonable terms of any third party confidentiality agreement that may be  entered  into by ISA with any such Target Company on the same terms  as are applicable to ISA. Rubicon's fees for such due diligence services (the "Due Diligence Fees") shall be at  agreed  upon rates which shall not   exceed  the Day Rate. ISA  agrees  to  reimburse  Rubicon upon provision of valid receipts for Rubicon's reasonable out-of-pocket expenses  incurred   in the provision of the Due Diligence Services. 4. COMMERCIAL TERMS. 4.1 ISA Fees. In consideration of the services set forth in Section 2, ISA will  sell  or  market  the Rubicon Offerings at pre  agreed  list prices,  and shall  receive  a commission on the gross revenues  paid  for the Rubicon Offerings less VAT if applicable of the Commission Rate;  provided  ,  however, that in the event that Rubicon  proposes  to  charge  at other than the Day Rate for the software development the Parties shall  use  all  reasonable endeavours to  agree  an equitable adjustment to the Commission Rate. 4.2 Rubicon Fees. 4.2.1 In consideration of the Contract Services, Rubicon will  receive  payment as set forth in an SOW of its undisputed invoices (or  its pro rata share) that it has  submitted  to ISA immediately  following  receipt of payment by ISA from the ISA Client. 4.2.2 In consideration of the Due Diligence Services, ISA shall  pay  to Rubicon the Due Diligence Fees within  30 days  of receipt  from Rubicon of an invoice and any previously  requested   supporting  documentation,  including  time charges. 4.2.3 In addition to the payments set forth in sections 4.2.1 and 4.2.2, above, ISA will  pay  Rubicon 30% of ISA's profits ( defined  as  gross revenues less costs directly  incurred  in the generation of such revenues) on projects for which Rubicon has  provided  Contract Services  after ISA has  recouped  any directly attributable  start  -up costs with respect to such project up to a cumulative maximum of £100,000 of such costs   associated  with all such projects from the  date  of this agreement. 4.3 Target Revenues. ISA  confirms  that its  current  intention is to  try  and  procure  that Rubicon's total gross revenues less VAT if  applicable  relating  to the provision of services to ISA Clients or to clients  referred  to Rubicon by ISA will  exceed  £1million per annum. The Parties   acknowledge  that any failure by ISA to  procure  such revenues for Rubicon will not  constitute  a breach of this Agreement and ISA will have no  liability for any such failure or otherwise in connection with this clause 4.3. 4.4 Payment terms. Each party shall  account  to the other on a  monthly  basis in respect of all sales and revenue  received  , and payments  shall be  made  within  30 days  of receipt of a properly valid invoice. 4.5 Audits. Each Party shall  retain  the financial records  relating  to all payments  owed  and/or  paid  under this Agreement for a period of  six  years  from the  date  such payment obligation  arose  . 4.6 Purchase of Rubicon Shares. This Agreement is conditional upon ISA and Rubicon  entering  into the Share Subscription Agreement. 5. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. 5.1 ISA's Intellectual Property. As between ISA and Rubicon, all right, title and interest in and to Intellectual Property which is  created   by or  provided  by ISA,  including  , without limitation, as they may be part of or  incorporated  into any Contract Service or otherwise  used  by  Rubicon, all goodwill  associated  therewith and the copyright and all other Intellectual Property rights inherent in or appurtenant to the foregoing  are and shall be and shall  remain  the sole property of ISA. Rubicon  acknowledges  that neither it nor any other persons or entities will by virtue of  this Agreement  acquire  any ownership interest in the Intellectual Property of ISA, or the Intellectual Property rights inherent in or appurtenant to  any of the foregoing, or any associated goodwill and that its rights thereunder are strictly limited to those specifically  granted  in this Agreement. Rubicon shall not  contest  ownership by ISA of any of the foregoing. No right, license, release or other right is  granted  by implication, estoppel or  otherwise by ISA to Rubicon or any of Rubicon's affiliates except for the rights and licenses expressly  granted  under this Agreement. Except for  the rights and licenses expressly  granted  under this Agreement, ISA  reserves  all rights to the Intellectual Property of ISA,  including  , without  limitation, translation rights, rights of modification and rights to source code. 5.2 Works-for-hire. 5.2.1 As  regards  Intellectual Property  created  by Rubicon, Rubicon  acknowledges  and  agrees  that those Works, as  defined  below,  shall  belong  exclusively to ISA subject to payment in accordance with clause 4.2. Works means, collectively, any work product (of any type),  software, developments, processes, improvements, and all works of authorship, in whole or in part, whether patentable or not and whether  copyrightable or not  created  as services  provided  directly to ISA or on behalf of ISA by Rubicon, which (i) are  conceived  or  made  by Rubicon, its  employees, contractors, consultants or agents during the  Term  and  relate  directly to the business in which ISA and  Rubicon(during  the  Term  by ISA) are, had been or were  proposing  to be  engaged  in; or (ii) are  conceived  or  made  by Rubicon, its employees, contractors, consultants or  agents during or after the  Term  and are  made  through the use of any ISA Confidential Information, or which  result  from any work  performed  by  Rubicon, its employees, contractors, consultants or agents for ISA. It is  agreed  that the terms under which Rubicon  agrees  to  work  with ISA,   including  the Day Rate,  reflect  and will  reflect  any value or potential value of Intellectual Property  created  by Rubicon on behalf of ISA. 5.2.2 Rubicon shall  make  full and  prompt  disclosure to ISA of all Works as they are  made  (whether or not  conceived  or  made  jointly  with others). To the extent copyrightable, all Works shall be  deemed  to be "works for hire" and ISA shall be  deemed  to be the author thereof under  the U.S. Copyright Act.
