
Exhibit 10.33

EXECUTION VERSION CONFIDENTIAL

DOMAIN NAME AND CONTENT LICENSE AGREEMENT

This Domain Name and Content License Agreement (the "Agreement") is  made  and  entered  into, by and between Beijing SINA Internet  Information Service Co., Ltd. ( ), a limited liability company  organized  under the laws of the People's Republic  of China (hereinafter "Licensor") and Beijing Yisheng Leju Information Services Co., Ltd., a limited liability company  organized  under the laws of  the People's Republic of China ("Licensee" and together with Licensor, the "Parties" and each a "Party") and is  made  effective as of the Effective   Date  ( defined  below). RECITALS

WHEREAS, SINA Corporation, a company  organized  under the laws of the Cayman Islands ("SINA"), and CRIC Holdings Limited, a company   organized  under the laws of the Cayman Islands ("CRIC"),  entered  into that certain Share Purchase Agreement  dated   July 23, 2009  (the "Share  Purchase Agreement"), pursuant to which SINA  subscribes  from CRIC the Subscription Shares (as  defined  in the Share Purchase Agreement);

WHEREAS, Licensor is the registrant of certain domain names as more particularly  described  below that are  related  to the Business which it  desires to  license  to Licensee and Licensee desires to  obtain  a license from Licensor to such domain names to  use  in connection with its operation  of the Business on the terms and conditions set forth herein; and

WHEREAS, Licensor and Shanghai SINA Leju Information Technology Co. Ltd. ("SINA Leju")  entered  into that certain Domain Name License  Agreement  dated   May 8, 2008  (the "Original Agreement") and (i) Licensor and SINA Leju desire to  terminate  the Original Agreement pursuant to  the Mutual Termination Agreement  attached  hereto as Exhibit B and (ii) Licensee and Licensor desire to  enter  into this Agreement, on or prior to  the consummation of the transactions  contemplated  by the Share Purchase Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreement of the Parties and the faithful performance thereof, and  other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby  acknowledged  , the Parties hereto  agree  as  follows  :

ARTICLE I   DEFINITIONS  

As  used  herein, the  following  terms shall have the meanings  ascribed  to them below. "Action" has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1. "Affiliate" means, when  used  with respect to any specified Person, a Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls,  is  controlled  by, or is under common control with, such specified Person. For the purposes of this definition, "control" ( including  the terms  " controlled  by" and "under common control with") with respect to the

Source: CHINA REAL ESTATE  INFORMATION  CORP, F-1,  9/29/2009 







relationship between or among two or more Persons, means the possession, directly or indirectly or as trustee, personal representative or executor,  of the power to  direct  or  cause  the direction of the affairs or management of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, as  trustee, personal representative or executor, by contract, credit arrangement or otherwise. "Agency Agreement" means that certain Advertising Sale Agency Agreement by and between SINA Corporation and China Online Housing  Technology Corporation,  dated  as of the  date  hereof. "Business" means an online real estate media platform in the PRC that (i)  provides  information and updates  related  to real estate, home  furnishing   and construction in the PRC and  provides  real estate, home furnishing and construction advertising services, and (ii)  operates  a business-to- business and business-to-consumer Internet platform targeting participants in the PRC real estate industry, in each case, as  currently   conducted  or   contemplated  to be  conducted  on the websites  owned  or  operated  by Licensee or any of Licensee's Affiliates in the PRC. "Business Day" means any  day  that is not a  Saturday , a  Sunday  or other  day  on which banks are  required  or  authorized  by Law to be  closed  in  Beijing. "Change of Control" means (i) the consummation of any acquisition or purchase, directly or indirectly, by any Person or  related  group of Persons,  that  results  in a Competitor  owning  more ordinary shares in CRIC than E-House and SINA, and in each case, their respective  controlled  Affiliates,  own in the aggregate or (ii) an event pursuant to which a Competitor  acquires  the right to  nominate  a member to the board of directors of CRIC. "Claimant" has the meaning set forth in Section 10.12. "Commission" has the meaning set forth in Section 10.12. "Competitor" means any Person whose business  includes  an online portal. "Confidential Information" has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1. "Content" means text, graphics, information and data and other content, whether  supplied  by Licensee, Licensor,  end  users or third party  providers. "Dispute" has the meaning set forth in Section 10.12. "Effective  Date  " means the Closing  Date  as set forth in the Share Purchase Agreement. "E-House Licensed Data and Information" means the data and information  licensed  to CRIC Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries, for the  operation of the CRIC system pursuant to the Master Transaction Agreement. 2

Source: CHINA REAL ESTATE  INFORMATION  CORP, F-1,  9/29/2009 







"Governmental Authority" means any federal, national, supranational, state, provincial, local or other government, governmental, regulatory or  administrative authority, agency or commission or any court, tribunal, or judicial or arbitral body. "Initial  Term  " has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1. "Law" means any federal, national, supranational, state, provincial, local or similar statute, law or ordinance, regulation, rule, code, order,  requirement or rule of law ( including  common law). "Licensed Content" shall mean all Content (i) whose copyright is  owned  by Licensor; or (ii)  owned  by a third party provider but is sublicensable  by Licensor to Licensee without  requiring  the payment of any additional fee to any third party and without  violating  the terms of any agreement  with such third party provider, together with all updates to and substitutions therefor as may be  implemented  by Licensor or such third party  provider. "Licensed Domain Names" means the domain names  listed  on Exhibit A  attached  hereto. "Licensee Parties" has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1. "Licensor Parties" has the meaning set forth in Section 8.2. "Master Transaction Agreement" means the Master Transaction Agreement  entered  into by and between E-House (China) Holdings Limited and  CRIC Holdings Limited,  dated  as of  July 27, 2009 . " Operating  Content" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2. "Person" means any individual, partnership, firm, corporation, limited liability company, association, trust, unincorporated organization or other  entity, as well as any syndicate or group that would be  deemed  to be a person under Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of  1934 , as   amended  . "PRC" means the People's Republic of China,  excluding  Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan. "Recipient" has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1. "Respondent" has the meaning set forth in Section 10.12. "Rules" has the meaning set forth in Section 10.12. "Software License Agreement" means that certain Software License and Support Services Agreement by and between Beijing SINA Internet  Information Service Co., Ltd. and SINA Leju  dated  as of [ ]. " Term  " has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1. 3

Source: CHINA REAL ESTATE  INFORMATION  CORP, F-1,  9/29/2009 







"Trademark License Agreement" means that certain Trademark License Agreement by and between Beijing SINA Internet Information Service Co.,  Ltd. and Licensee  dated  as of [ ]. ARTICLE II  GRANT OF LICENSE

2.1. Grant of Licenses. (a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee, and Licensee hereby  accepts  from Licensor, an  exclusive, non-transferable (except as set forth in Section 10.7) and non-sublicensable (except as  provided  in Section 2.1(c)) license to  use  the  Licensed Domain Names in connection with the Business during the  Term  . Except as  provided  in Section 2.3, Licensee's use of the Licensed  Domain Names under the terms of this Agreement shall be free of any fees. (b) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee, and Licensee hereby  accepts  from Licensor, an  exclusive, non-transferable (except as set forth in Section 10.7) and non-sublicensable (except as  provided  in Section 2.1(c)) license to  use  the  Licensed Content in connection with websites  associated  with the Licensed Domain Names until the earlier of (i) termination or expiration of this  Agreement, or (ii) termination or expiration of the Agency Agreement,  provided  , however, that in the event the Agency Agreement is  amended  or   restated  , such amendment or restatement shall not be  deemed  a termination or expiration of the Agency Agreement. Except as  provided  in Section  2.3, Licensee's use of the Licensed Content under the terms of this Agreement shall be free of any fees. (c) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Licensee has no right to  sublicense  any rights  granted  hereunder to any third  party, or otherwise  permit  any third party to  use  any Licensed Domain Names or Licensed Content;  provided  , however, that any rights  granted  to  Licensee hereunder shall be sublicensable, without the prior  written  consent of Licensor, to SINA Leju and Licensee's Affiliates that are  controlled   by SINA Leju solely for the purpose of  operating  the Business during the  Term  . All rights in and to the Licensed Domain Names and Licensed  Content not expressly  granted  herein are hereby  reserved  exclusively by Licensor. Licensee shall be responsible for the compliance of the terms  and conditions of this Agreement by all of its sublicensees. Without  limiting  the foregoing, in the event any sublicensee  undertakes  any action (or  inaction) that would be  deemed  a breach of this Agreement had Licensee  taken  such action (or inaction), such action (or inaction) shall be  deemed   a breach by Licensee under this Agreement. 2.2. Other Content. Licensee may  desire  to  use  Content other than Licensed Content, from time to time, in connection with the websites  associated   with the Licensed Domain Names (" Operating  Content"). Licensee may independently  enter  into an agreement with the owner of the Operating  Content to  secure  Licensee's right to  use  such Operating Content, and shall be solely responsible for the cost and expense  associated  with  procuring such Content. For the avoidance of doubt, Licensee shall be  permitted  to  upload  such Operating Content directly onto Licensee's  websites or through use of the Licensor's software pursuant to the Software

4

Source: CHINA REAL ESTATE  INFORMATION  CORP, F-1,  9/29/2009 







License Agreement. If Licensee  requests  Licensor to  enter  into such an agreement on behalf of Licensee and to  provide  the Operating Content to  Licensee, Licensor and Licensee shall  discuss  such request in good faith;  provided  , however, if Licensor  agrees  to  procure  and  provide  such  Operating Content, Licensee shall  reimburse  Licensor for all reasonable, incremental costs that Licensor incurs which are attributable to Licensee's  request. For example, if Licensor, prior to the Effective  Date  ,  employs  ten (10) full time employees dedicated to  obtaining  Content and, as a result of  Licensee's request for Operating Content pursuant to this Section 2.2, must  hire  an additional full time employee to  handle  Licensee's request,  Licensee shall  reimburse  Licensor for the costs  related  to such full time employee,  provided  that, if such full time employee also  engages  in work  on behalf of Licensor or its Affiliates, Licensee shall  reimburse  Licensor on a pro rata basis only for the time  spent  by such full time employee in   handling  Licensee's requests. Licensee further  acknowledges  that Licensor has no obligation to  fulfill  any request by Licensee to  procure    Operating  Content under this Section 2.2. Unless otherwise  agreed  to by the Parties, any Operating Content  obtained  on Licensee's behalf by  Licensor shall be for Licensee's use only and shall not be  used  by Licensor or its Affiliates or  provided  or  made  available to any third parties by  Licensor. 2.3. Fees. In the event E-House Research and Training Institute  becomes   entitled  to  charge  , invoice, or otherwise  receive  from, Licensee any  royalties, fees or other remuneration for use of the E-House Licensed Data and Information pursuant to amendments to the Master Transaction  Agreement or through other means, Licensor and Licensee shall  use  good faith efforts to  amend  this Agreement such that Licensor  becomes    entitled  to charge, invoice, or otherwise  receive  fees from Licensee to  use  the Licensed Domain Names and Licensed Content, such fees to be   agreed  upon by the Parties,  provided  that (i) such fees shall be commercially reasonable and (ii) such fees shall not  exceed  the fees  charged  by  Licensor to unaffiliated third parties for use of the Licensed Content,  taking  into account any other consideration  received  by Licensor ( including  ,  but not  limited  to,  discounted  services offerings from the third party). ARTICLE III  QUALITY CONTROL

3.1. Licensee Control. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensee shall be  entitled  to  exercise  exclusive control over all  aspects of the websites and the Business  associated  with the Licensed Domain Names  including  , without limitation, the operation, the look-and- feel and the Content of such websites. 3.2. Content Distribution. Licensor shall  make  available to  Licensee  the Licensed Content in substantially the same manner and with substantially  the same speed and efficiency as such Licensed Content was  made  available to SINA Leju prior to the Effective  Date  , namely through Licensor's  content database, but in no event with less speed, efficiency, or a lesser level of access than Licensor  provides  with respect to its own operations. Licensee  agrees  to  use  the Licensed Domain Names only in accordance with such content distribution policy that Licensor  uses  in connection  with its own business, and as may be  established  by Licensor and  communicated  in  writing  in advance to Licensee from time to time or as may  otherwise be  agreed  to by the Parties from time to time,  provided  that Licensee shall be  afforded  the same period of time to  implement  any such  content distribution policy as is  afforded  to Licensor's Affiliates and other third parties. 5

Source: CHINA REAL ESTATE  INFORMATION  CORP, F-1,  9/29/2009 







3.3. Website Monitoring and Censoring. (a) Licensee Obligations. Licensee shall  monitor  and  censor  all Content on the websites  associated  with the Licensed Domain Names,  including   without limitation Content  posted  by end users. Licensor shall also have the right to  monitor  and  censor  Content of the websites  associated  with  Licensed Domain Names. Licensee shall  remove  any  offending  Content,  including  , but not  limited  to, any illegal materials, pornographic, obscene  or sexually explicit materials, materials of a violent nature, or politically sensitive materials, from such websites  as soon as possible  after it  becomes   aware of such  offending  Content but in no event later than the timeframe  prescribed  by the Governmental Authority after receipt of oral or  written   notice from Licensor or such Governmental Authority. Licensee's failure to  comply  with this Section 3.3(a) shall be  deemed  a material breach of  this Agreement. Without  limiting  the foregoing obligations, Licensee  acknowledges  that Licensor shall have the right to  remove  such offending  Content from the websites  associated  with Licensed Domain Names. (b) New Restrictions  Imposed  by Governmental Authority. In the event Licensor  receives  notice from any Governmental Authority that the  websites  associated  with the Licensed Domain Names  contain   offending  Content where (i) the basis or nature of such offense has not previously  been  identified  by any Governmental Authority as offensive or inappropriate and (ii) Licensee has not also  received  notice from such  Governmental Authority, Licensor shall promptly  notify  Licensee of Licensor's receipt thereof.
