
Exhibit (k)(1)

SERVICE AGREEMENT

FOR

TRANSFER AGENT SERVICES

TO

BLACKSTONE / GSO LONG-SHORT CREDIT INCOME FUND

Rev.  December 2009 





THIS SERVICE AGREEMENT FOR TRANSFER AGENT SERVICES (this "Agreement") between Blackstone / GSO Long-Short Credit Income Fund, a Delaware statutory trust ("Client") and Mellon Investor Services LLC ( operating  with the service name BNY Mellon Shareowner Services), a New Jersey limited liability company ("Agent"), is  dated  as of  January 26, 2011 . 1. Appointment. Client  appoints  Agent as its transfer agent, registrar and  dividend  disbursing agent and Agent  accepts  such appointment in accordance with and  subject  to the  following  terms and conditions for all authorized shares of each class of stock  listed  in Exhibit A hereto (the "Shares"). 2.  Term  of Agreement. Agent's appointment hereunder shall  commence  on the next business  day  after the later of (i) the date hereof, or (ii) the date Agent has  confirmed  that Client's records have been  converted  to Agent's system (the "Effective  Date  "), and shall  continue  for  three years  thereafter (the "Initial  Term  "). Unless either party  gives   written  notice of termination of this Agreement  at least 60 days  prior to the end of the Initial  Term  , or any successive  three- , this Agreement shall automatically  year  term renew  for successive additional  three-year  terms;  provided  , however, that this Agreement shall automatically  terminate  upon the dissolution of the client. 3. Duties of Agent.  Commencing  on the Effective  Date  , Agent shall  provide  the services  listed  in Exhibit B hereto, in the performance of its duties hereunder. 4. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Client. Client  represents  , warrants and covenants to Agent that:

(a) it is a statutory trust duly  organized  and validly  existing  under the laws of its state of incorporation;

(b) the Shares  issued  and outstanding on the date hereof have been duly  authorized  , validly  issued  and are fully  paid  and are non- assessable; and any Shares to be  issued  hereafter, when  issued  , shall have been duly  authorized  , validly  issued  and fully  paid  and will be non- assessable;

(c) the Shares  issued  and outstanding will be duly  registered  under the Securities Act of  1933 , as  amended  (the "Securities Act"), and such registration will have  become  effective, or are exempt from such registration; and will be duly  registered  under the Securities Exchange Act of  1934 , as  amended  (the "Exchange Act"), or are exempt from such registration;

(d) any Shares to be  issued  hereafter, when  issued  , shall have been duly  registered  under the Securities Act, and such registration shall have  become  effective, or shall be exempt from such registration; and shall have been duly  registered  under the Exchange Act, or shall be exempt from such registration;





(e) Client has  paid  or  caused  to be  paid  all taxes, if any, that were payable upon or in respect of the original issuance of the Shares  issued  and outstanding on the date hereof;

(f) the use of facsimile signatures by Agent in connection with the  countersigning  and registering of Share certificates of Client has been duly  authorized  by Client and is valid and effective;

(g) the execution and delivery of this Agreement, and the issuance and any subsequent transfer of the Shares in accordance with this Agreement,  do  not and will not  conflict  with, violate, or  result  in a breach of, the terms, conditions or provisions of, or  constitute  a default under, the Amended and Restated Agreement Declaration of Trust or the by-laws of Client, any law or regulation, any order or decree of any court or public authority  having  jurisdiction, or any mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement or undertaking to which Client is a party or by which it is  bound  , except where such contravention  does  or would not have a material adverse effect on the Fund's ability to  carry  out its obligations hereunder. This Agreement has been duly  authorized  ,  executed  and  delivered  by Client and is enforceable against Client in accordance with its terms, except as may be  limited  by bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization and other similar laws  affecting  the enforcement of creditors' rights generally; and

(h) Client  agrees  to  provide  to Agent the documentation and notifications  listed  in Exhibit C hereto  according  to the requirements set forth therein. 5. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Agent. Agent  represents  , warrants and covenants to Client that:

(a) Agent is a limited liability company duly  organized  and validly  existing  under the laws of its state of organization;

(b) Agent is, and for the  term  of this Agreement shall  remain  , duly  registered  as a transfer agent under the Exchange Act;

(c) subject to Section 7 hereof, during the  term  of this Agreement, Agent shall  comply  with its obligations as a transfer agent under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder; and

(d)  assuming  the accuracy of Client's representations and warranties and compliance by Client with its covenants hereunder, the execution and delivery of this Agreement, and the performance by Agent of its obligations in accordance with this Agreement,  do  not and will not  conflict  with, violate, or  result  in a breach of, the terms, conditions or provisions of, or  constitute  a default under, the organizational documents of Agent, any law or regulation, any order or decree of any court or public authority  having  jurisdiction, or any mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement or undertaking to which Agent is a party or by which it is  bound  . This Agreement has been duly  authorized  ,  executed  and  delivered  by Agent and is enforceable against Agent in accordance with its terms, except as may be  limited  by bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization and other similar laws  affecting  the enforcement of creditors' rights generally. 6. Scope of Agency. (a) Agent shall  act  solely as agent for Client under this Agreement and  owes  no duties hereunder to any other person. Agent  undertakes  to  perform  the duties and only the duties that are specifically set forth in this Agreement, and no  implied  covenants or obligations shall be  read  into this Agreement against Agent. (b) Agent may  rely  upon, and shall be  protected  in  acting  or  refraining  from  acting  in reliance upon, (i) any communication from Client, any predecessor Transfer Agent or co-Transfer Agent or any Registrar (other than Agent), predecessor Registrar or co-Registrar; (ii) any instruction, notice, request, direction, consent, report, certificate, opinion or other instrument, paper, document or electronic transmission  believed  by Agent to be genuine and to have been  signed  or  given  by the proper party or parties; (iii) any guaranty of signature by an "eligible guarantor institution" that is a member or participant in the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program or other comparable "signature guarantee program" or insurance program in addition to, or in substitution for, the foregoing; (iv) any instructions  received  through Direct Registration System/Profile; or (v) any law, act, regulation or any interpretation of the same even though such law, act, or regulation may thereafter have been  altered  ,  changed  ,  amended  or  repealed  . In addition, Agent is  authorized  to  refuse  to  make  any transfer that it  determines  in good faith not to be in good order. (c) In connection with any question of law  arising  in the course of Agent  performing  its duties hereunder, Agent may  consult  with legal counsel ( including  internal counsel) whose advice shall be full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action  taken  ,  suffered  or  omitted  by Agent hereunder in good faith and in reasonable reliance thereon. (d) Any instructions  given  by Client to Agent orally shall be  confirmed  in writing by Client as soon as practicable. Agent shall not be liable or responsible and shall be fully  authorized  and  protected  for  acting  , or  failing  to  act  , in good faith reliance upon any oral instructions that  do  not  conform  with the  written  confirmation  received  in accordance with this Section 6(d). 7. Indemnification. Client shall  indemnify  Agent for, and  hold  it harmless from and against, any loss, liability, claim (whether with or without basis in fact or law), demand, cost or expense (collectively, "Loss")  arising  out of or in connection with Agent's duties under this Agreement or this appointment,  including  the reasonable costs and expenses of  defending  itself against any Loss or  enforcing  this Agreement, except to the extent that such Loss shall have been  determined  by a court of competent jurisdiction to be a result of Agent's gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct. 8. Limitation of Liability. (a) In the absence of gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct on its part, Agent shall not be liable for any action  taken  ,  suffered  or  omitted  by it or for any error of judgment  made  by it in the performance of its duties under this Agreement. In no





event will Agent be liable for special, indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive losses or damages of any kind whatsoever ( including  but not  limited  to  lost  profits), even if Agent has been  advised  of the possibility of such losses or damages and regardless of the form of action. Any liability of Agent will be  limited  in the aggregate to an amount equal to twenty four (24) times the  monthly  administrative fee to be  paid  by Client as set forth in Exhibit B hereto. (b) If any question or dispute  arises  with respect to the proper interpretation of this Agreement or Agent's duties hereunder, Agent shall not be  required  to  act  or be  held  liable or responsible for its failure or refusal to  act  until the question or dispute has been (i) judicially  settled  (and Agent may, if it  deems  it advisable, but shall not be  obligated  to,  file  a suit in interpleader or for a declaratory judgment for such purpose) by a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction that is  binding  on all parties interested in the matter and is no longer subject to review or  appeal  , or (ii)  settled  by a  written  document in form and substance satisfactory to Agent and  executed  by Client. For such purpose, Agent may, but shall not be  obligated  to,  require  the execution of such a document. 9. Force Majeure. Agent shall not be liable for any failures, delays or losses,  arising  directly or indirectly out of conditions beyond its reasonable control,  including  , but not  limited  to, acts of government, exchange or market ruling, suspension of trading, work stoppages or labor disputes, civil disobedience, riots, rebellions, electrical or mechanical failure, computer hardware or software failure, communications facilities failures  including  telephone failure, war, terrorism, insurrection, fires, earthquakes, storms, floods, acts of God or similar occurrences. 10. Market Data. Client  acknowledges  that Agent may  provide  real-time or  delayed  quotations and other market information and messages ("Market Data"), which Market Data is  provided  to Agent by certain national securities exchanges and associations who  assert  a proprietary interest in Market Data  disseminated  by them but  do  not  guarantee  the timeliness, sequence, accuracy or  completeness  thereof. Client  agrees  and  acknowledges  that Agent shall not be liable in any way for any loss or damage  arising  from or  occasioned  by any inaccuracy, error, delay in, omission of, or interruption in any Market Data or the transmission thereof. 11. Termination. (a) Client may  terminate  this Agreement if (i) Agent defaults on any of its material obligations hereunder and such default  remains  uncured thirty (30)  days  after Agent's receipt of notice of such default from Client; or (ii) any proceeding in bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership or insolvency is  commenced  by or against Agent, Agent shall  become  insolvent or shall  cease   paying  its obligations as they  become  due or  makes  any assignment for the benefit of its creditors. (b) Agent may  suspend   providing  services hereunder or  terminate  this Agreement if (i) Client  fails  to  pay  amounts due hereunder or defaults on any of its material obligations hereunder and such failure or default  remains  uncured thirty (30)





 days  after Client's receipt of notice of such failure or default from Agent; (ii) any proceeding in bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership or insolvency is  commenced  by or against Client, Client shall  become  insolvent, or shall  cease   paying  its obligations as they  become  due or  makes  any assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or (iii) Client is  acquired  by or is  merged  with or into another entity where Client is not the  surviving  company. (c) Upon termination of this Agreement, all fees  earned  and expenses  incurred  by Agent up to and  including  the date of such termination shall be immediately due and payable to Agent on or before the effective date of such termination. In addition to the payments  required  in this section, if this Agreement is  terminated  by Client for any reason other than pursuant to Section 2 or Section 11(a) above or by Agent pursuant to Section 11(b) above, then Client shall  pay  a termination fee, due and payable to Agent on or before the effective date of such termination,  calculated  as  follows  : (i) if the termination  occurs  prior to the first anniversary of the commencement date of the  current   term  (the "Commencement  Date  "), then the termination fee shall  equal  twelve (12) times the average  monthly  invoice  charged  to Client by Agent hereunder, (ii) if the termination  occurs  on or after the first anniversary of the Commencement  Date  but prior to the second anniversary of the Commencement  Date  , then the termination fee shall  equal  nine (9) times the average  monthly  invoice  charged  to Client by Agent hereunder, and (iii) if the termination  occurs  on or after the second anniversary of the Commencement  Date  , then the termination fee shall  equal  six (6) times the average  monthly  invoice  charged  to Client by Agent hereunder. For purposes of this paragraph, fees for non-recurring events shall be  excluded  when  calculating  the average  monthly  invoice  charged  to Client by Agent

(d) Prior to termination of this Agreement, Client shall  provide  Agent with written instructions as to the disposition of records, as well as any additional documentation reasonably  requested  by Agent. Except as otherwise expressly  provided  in this Agreement, the respective rights and duties of Client and Agent under this Agreement shall  cease  upon termination of this Agreement. 12. Lost Certificates. Agent shall not be  obligated  to  issue  a replacement share certificate for any share certificate  reported  to have been  lost  ,  destroyed  or  stolen  unless Agent shall have  received  : (a) an affidavit of such loss, destruction or theft; (b) a bond of indemnity in form and substance satisfactory to Agent; and (c) payment of all applicable fees. Shareholders may  obtain  such a bond of indemnity from a surety company of the shareholder's choice,  provided  the surety company  satisfies  Agent's minimum requirements. 13. Confidentiality. (a) In connection with Agent's appointment hereunder, each party shall  obtain  confidential information  related  to the other party or its stockholders that is not available to the general public ("Confidential Information"), which Confidential Information shall  include  the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the exhibits  attached  hereto. Each party  agrees  that the Confidential Information shall be  held  and  treated  by it, its





directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, investment advisors, accountants and subcontractors (collectively, "Representatives") in confidence and, except as hereinafter  provided  , shall not be  disclosed  in any manner whatsoever except as otherwise  required  by law, regulation, subpoena or governmental authority.
