
Ex 10.3

SERVICING AGREEMENT

between

CURO RECEIVABLES FINANCE II, LLC, as Owner

and

CURO MANAGEMENT, LLC, as Servicer

 Dated  as of  April 8, 2020 

This SERVICING AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is  entered  into as of  April 8, 2020 , by and between CURO RECEIVABLES FINANCE II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "Owner"), and CURO MANAGEMENT, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as servicer (the "Servicer").  Capitalized  terms  used  but not  defined  herein shall have the meanings set forth in Annex A  attached  hereto. W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, the Owner  desires  to have the Servicer to  master  service the Serviced Assets, to  perform  certain of the duties of the Owner, and to  provide  such additional services consistent with the terms of this Agreement and the Loan Documents as the Owner may from time to time request; and

WHEREAS, the Servicer has the capacity to  provide  the respective services  required  hereby and is willing to  perform  such services for the Owner on the terms set forth herein. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants  contained  herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby  acknowledged  , the parties  agree  as  follows  :

Section 1.  Servicing  Duties of the Servicer. (a) The Owner  authorizes  Curo Management, LLC, to  act  , and Curo Management, LLC,  agrees  to  act  , as an independent contractor, as the Servicer effective upon the  date  hereof. (b) From and after the  date  on which a Receivable or Participation Interest, as applicable, is  sold  to the Owner, the Servicer shall service and  administer  each  related  Serviced Asset for the benefit of the Owner and shall  extend  ,  amend  or otherwise  modify  such Serviced Asset, by  complying  in all material respects with the following (collectively, the "Servicing Standard"): (A) reasonable care,  using  that degree of skill and attention that the Servicer  exercises  with respect to comparable receivables that it  services  for itself or others, and (B) Applicable Law. (c) The Servicer shall have full power and authority,  acting  alone or through any party properly  designated  by it hereunder,





 including  any Sub-Servicer, to  do  any and all things in connection with such servicing and administration which it may  deem  necessary or desirable, consistent with the terms of this Servicing Agreement and the Servicing Standard. Without  limiting  the generality of the foregoing, unless such power is  revoked  by the Owner on account of the occurrence of a Servicer Default, the Servicer shall have full power and authority (i) to  make  withdrawals from the applicable servicer collection account  permitted  by the terms of this Servicing Agreement, the Loan Agreement or any other Loan Document and (ii) to  execute  and  deliver  , on behalf of the Owner, any and all instruments of satisfaction or cancellation, or of partial or full release or discharge, and all other comparable instruments, with respect to the Receivables and, after the delinquency of any Receivable and to the extent  permitted  under and in compliance with applicable Servicing Standard and the Loan Agreement, to  commence  collection proceedings with respect to such Receivables. The Owner shall  furnish  the Servicer with any documents reasonably  requested  by the Servicer,  including  powers of attorney, as necessary or appropriate to  enable  the Servicer (or any Sub-Servicer on its behalf) to  carry  out its servicing and administrative duties hereunder. (d) The Servicer shall  collect  and  process  all collections on the Serviced Assets in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in Section 2.3 of the Loan Agreement and the Servicing Multi-Party Agreement. Section 2. Administrative Duties of the Servicer. (a) The Servicer  agrees  to  perform  all of the duties  assigned  to it in the Loan Agreement, and shall  take  all appropriate action with respect to the  following  matters under the Loan Agreement:

(i) upon  written  request of the Owner,  executing  and  delivering  such further instruments and  do  further acts as may be reasonably necessary or proper to  carry  out more effectively the purpose of the Loan Agreement;

(ii)  preparing  officer's certificates with respect to the Loan Agreement;

(iii)  preparing  ,  executing  and  filing  any reports or other information which are  required  to be  prepared  or  filed  by the Owner in order to  comply  with federal, state or foreign securities laws, or exemptions thereunder; and

(iv) any other duties expressly  required  to be  performed  by the Servicer under the Loan Agreement or any other Loan Document. (b) In  carrying  out the foregoing duties or any of its other obligations under this Agreement, the Servicer may  enter  into transactions with or otherwise deal with any of its Affiliates;  provided  , however, that the terms of any such transactions or dealings shall be no less favorable to the Owner than would be available from unaffiliated parties, that Owner shall have no responsibility or liability for any fees payable to such Affiliates to  perform  such obligations as  contemplated  by this Agreement and that the Owner shall not be  deemed  pursuant to this Section 2(b) to  enter  into any contractual obligations with such Affiliates. (c) To the fullest extent  permitted  by law, the Owner shall  indemnify  ,  defend  and  hold  harmless the Servicer and its successors, assigns, directors, officers, agents, employees and servants (collectively, the "Servicer Indemnified Parties") from and against, any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, taxes, claims, actions and suits, and any and all reasonable out-of-pocket costs, expenses and disbursements ( including  reasonable legal fees and expenses) of any kind and nature whatsoever (collectively, "Liabilities") which may at any time be  imposed  on,  incurred  by, or  asserted  against the Servicer or any Servicer Indemnified Party in any way  relating  to or  arising  out of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, the Serviced Assets or any action or inaction of the Owner or any other Person;  provided  , that the Owner shall not be liable for or  required  to  indemnify  a Servicer Indemnified Party from and against expenses  arising  or  resulting  from such Servicer Indemnified Party's own willful misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence. The indemnities  contained  in this Section 2(c) shall  survive  the resignation and removal of the Servicer or the termination of this Agreement. (d) Subject to Sections 4 and 5, the Servicer shall  administer  ,  perform  or  supervise  the performance of such other activities in connection with the Serviced Assets ( including  the Loan Documents) as are not  covered  by any of the  foregoing  provisions and are reasonably within the capability of the Servicer. In no case may Servicer  use  any identifiable information,  including  consumers' nonpublic personal information and related account performance and status information, for any purpose other than as  provided  in this Agreement;  provided  , however, that Servicer is  permitted  to  use  nonidentifiable, aggregated consumer information  obtained  in connection with its activities  undertaken  pursuant to this Agreement. (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Servicer shall not be  obligated  to, and shall not,  take  any action that the Owner  directs  the Servicer not to  take  or which could reasonably be  expected  to  result  in a violation or breach of the Owner's covenants, agreements or obligations under any of the Loan Documents. (f) The Servicer shall  maintain  appropriate books of account and records  relating  to services  performed  hereunder, which books of account and records shall be accessible for inspection by the Owner at any time during normal business hours. Section 3. Reports and Information. (a) At the times and in the manner  required  by Section 6.1 of the Loan Agreement, the Servicer shall  deliver  to the Owner and the Agent the reports  described  therein. (b) The Servicer shall  furnish  in writing to the Owner and the Agent from time to time such additional information  regarding  the Serviced Assets as the Owner or the Agent shall reasonably  request  . Section 4. Independence of the Servicer. For all purposes of this Agreement, the Servicer shall be an independent contractor and shall not be subject to the supervision of the Owner with respect to the manner in which it  accomplishes  the performance of its obligations hereunder;  provided  , however, Servicer shall be subject to the Owner's third-party vendor management program. Unless expressly  authorized  by the Owner in this Agreement or otherwise, the Servicer shall have no authority to  act  for or  represent  the Owner in any way and shall not otherwise be  deemed  an agent of the Owner. Section 5. No Joint Venture. Nothing  contained  in this Agreement (i) shall  constitute  the Servicer and the Owner as members of any partnership, joint venture, association, syndicate, unincorporated business or other separate entity, (ii) shall be  construed  to  impose  any liability as such on any of them or (iii) shall be  deemed  to  confer  on any of them any express, implied or apparent authority to  incur  any obligation or liability on behalf of the others. Section 6. Other Activities of Servicer. Nothing herein shall  prevent  the Servicer or its respective Affiliates from  engaging  in other businesses or, in its sole discretion, from  acting  in a similar capacity for any other person or entity even though such person or entity may  engage  in business activities similar to those of the Owner. Section 7.  Term  of Agreement; Resignation and Removal of Servicer. (a) This Agreement shall  continue  in force until the earlier to  occur  of (i) the Owner no longer  owns  any Receivables or Participation Interests, and (ii) subject to Section 7(d), the delivery of  written  notice of termination by the Owner to the Servicer pursuant to Section 7(c), in each case upon which event this Agreement shall automatically  terminate  unless otherwise  agreed  in writing between the Servicer and the Owner. (b) Subject to Section 7(d), the Servicer may  resign  its duties hereunder by  providing  the Owner with  at least 60 days ' prior  written  notice. (c) Subject to Section 7(d), and subject to the prior  written  consent of the Agent so long as the Loan Agreement  remains  outstanding, the Owner may  remove  the Servicer immediately upon  written  notice of termination from the Owner to the Servicer if any of the  following  events shall  occur  (each, a "Servicer Termination Right - Owner"):

(i) the Servicer shall  default  in the performance of any of its duties under this Agreement and, after notice of such default, shall not  cure  such default within  30 days  (or, if such default cannot be  cured  in such time, shall not  give  within  30 days  such assurance of cure as shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Owner); or

(ii) the Servicer files or consents to the filing of any petition, either voluntary or involuntary, to  take  advantage of any applicable insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization statute, or  makes  an assignment for the benefit of creditors; or

(iii) the Servicer  fails  to  maintain  , in any material respect, all necessary licenses and approvals in each jurisdiction in which it is  performing  the primary servicing function for any of the Serviced Assets under this Agreement. The Servicer  agrees  that if any of the events  specified  in clause (ii) of this Section 7(c) shall  occur  , it shall  give   written  notice thereof to the Owner within seven (7) days after the occurrence of such event. (d) No termination, resignation or removal of the Servicer pursuant to this Section shall be effective until (i) a successor Servicer shall have been  appointed  by or on behalf of the Owner with the prior  written  consent of the Agent so long as the Loan Agreement  remains  outstanding, and (ii) such successor Servicer shall have  agreed  in writing to be  bound  by the terms of this Agreement in the same manner as the Servicer is  bound  hereunder. (e) Agent may  terminate  this Agreement upon the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default under the Loan Agreement by delivery of  written  notice of termination from Agent to Owner and Servicer (a "Servicer Termination Right - Agent" and, together with the Servicer Termination Right - Owner, each a "Servicer Termination Right"):

If a successor Servicer  does  not  take  office within  60 days  after the  retiring  Servicer  resigns  or is  removed  , the resigning or  removed  Servicer or the Owner may  petition  any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Servicer. In the event that the Servicer  resigns  or is  terminated  hereunder, the Servicer shall  use  its commercially reasonable efforts to and shall  cooperate  with the Owner and  take  other reasonable steps  requested  by the Owner to  assist  in the orderly and efficient transfer of the administration of the Serviced Assets to the successor Servicer. Section 8. Action upon Termination, Resignation or Removal of the Servicer. Promptly upon the effective  date  of termination of this Agreement or the resignation or removal of the Servicer pursuant to Section 7, the Servicer shall be  entitled  to be  paid  all fees and reimbursable expenses,  including  any reasonable out-of-pocket attorneys' fees,  accruing  to it to the  date  of such termination, resignation or removal. The Servicer shall  forthwith  upon such termination pursuant to Section 7 deliver to the successor Servicer all property and documents of or  relating  to the Serviced Assets then in the custody of the Servicer, or if this Agreement has been  terminated  , to the Owner. In the event of the resignation or removal of the Servicer pursuant to Section 7, the Servicer shall  cooperate  with the Owner and  take  all reasonable steps  requested  to  assist  the Owner in  making  an orderly transfer of the duties of the Servicer. Section 9. Compensation. The Servicer will be  entitled  to  receive  the Servicing Fee for the performance of the duties and provision of the services  called  for in this Agreement in accordance with, and subject to, the Loan Agreement. The Servicing Fee shall be payable on each Payment  Date  for the immediately prior Servicing Period in accordance with Section 2.4 of the Loan Agreement. Any opinion, filing or other services  performed  by the Servicer hereunder that  generates  additional costs shall be at the expense of the Owner. Section 10. Sub-Servicers; Collection Agents. (a) The Servicer may  appoint  one or more Persons ( including  any Affiliate) as a sub-servicer (each a "Sub-Servicer") with respect to some or all of the Serviced Assets to  perform  any of the Servicer's obligations hereunder from time to time in its sole discretion;  provided  , however, that such  servicing  arrangement and the  term  of the related subservicing agreement (if any) must  provide  for the servicing of the Serviced Assets in a manner equivalent or greater than the Servicing Standard;  provided  , further, that the Servicer shall  remain  obligated and be liable to the Owner for the servicing and administering of the Serviced Assets in accordance with the provisions hereof without diminution of such obligation and liability by virtue of the appointment of such Sub-Servicer and to the same extent and under the same terms and conditions as if the Servicer alone were  servicing  and  administering  the Serviced Assets.
