
Exhibit 10.66

                             TRANSPORTATION CONTRACT

        Astana                                          January 31, 2000 

                                    PREAMBLE

JSC NOC KazakhOil, hereinafter  referred  to as the "Company", in the person of Executive Marketing Director Ms. A. M. Rakhimbekov,  acting  on the basis of the Power of Attorney (1) 1-13  dated   January 3, 2000 , on the one side and JSC Karakudukmunay, hereinafter  referred  to as the "Principal" in the person of General Director Mr. N. D. Klinchev and Financial Director Mr. R. Moore,  acting  on the basis of the Charter, on the other side, collectively  referred  to as the "Parties", have  entered  into this Transportation Contract (the "Contract") and hereby  agree  as  follows  :

                           1. SUBJECT OF THE CONTRACT

1.1  The Company, at the expense and on the instructions of the Principal, shall      arrange transportation for export in batches to the far abroad of crude oil      ("Commodity")  belonging  to the Principal and shall  provide  such other      services in connection therewith as are  provided  in this Contract. 1.2  The volume of a batch of Commodity  transported  hereunder shall be       determined  in accordance with the  monthly  schedules of transit and      distribution of Kazakhstany oil. 2. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

2.1  As  used  in the Contract, the  following  terms have the meanings  indicated  :

"Buyer" means STASCO in its capacity as Buyer under the Offtake Agreement and any other person in its capacity as buyer under any Other Agreement. "Commodity" is  defined  in item 1.1. "Company" is  defined  in the Preamble to this Contract. "Contract" is  defined  in the Preamble to this Contract. "CPC Blend" means the blend of crude oil generally available at the CPC Terminal that  complies  with minimum specifications  agreed  by the Principal and STASCO pursuant to the Offtake Agreement. "CPC Pipeline" means the pipeline being  constructed  by the Caspian Pipeline Consortium from the Tengiz field to Novorossiysk. "CPC Pipeline Operational  Date  " means  the last day  of the  month  in which (i) the CPC Pipeline is  completed  , (ii) the Karakuduk Field is so connected with the CPC Pipeline (via pipeline, rail link, or otherwise) that Karakuduk Crude Oil can and will be  evacuated  to the CPC Terminal via the CPC Pipeline, (iii) the CPC Pipeline commences  pumping  commercial quantities of crude oil as  determined  by the Principal and STASCO pursuant to the Offtake Agreement, and (iv) if the CPC Pipeline is only  transporting  Commodity on a blend (as  opposed  to  batch  ) basis, the Principal and STASCO have  agreed  on the specifications for CPC Blend pursuant to the Offtake Agreement. "CPC Terminal" means the single buoy-mooring terminal being  built  by the Caspian Pipeline Consortium near Novorossiysk. "DAF" has the meaning  given  to " delivered  at frontier" in the Incoterms  1990 . "Delivery Basis" means (i) during the "Principal Period", delivery of Commodity on terms of DAF Adamovo, DAF Fenyeshlitke, DAF Budkovce, FOB sea-port Odessa, FOB sea-port Novorossiysk, or FOB sea-port Ventspils, as applicable, and (ii) during the "Secondary Period", delivery of Commodity on terms of FOB CPC Terminal, in each case in accordance with the route  indicated  in the  monthly  delivery schedules of the Company. "Delivery  Date  " for a batch of Commodity means the  date  of execution of the last acceptance-delivery act/bill of  lading  for that batch of Commodity in accordance with item 4.1.vii. "Delivery Month" means the period for delivery under the Offtake Agreement or the Other Agreement, as applicable. "Effective  Date  " means the  date  of actual execution of this Contract by the Parties. "FOB" has the meaning  given  to "free on board" in the Incoterms  1990 . "Initial  Term  " means the period  commencing  on the Effective  Date  and  concluding  on  the last day  of the  month  in which the fifth anniversary of the Offtake Agreement Effective  Date   falls  . "Karakuduk Crude Oil" means Commodity  produced  from the Karakuduk Field or from such other field as the Principal and the Company may  agree  . "Karakuduk Field" means the Karakuduk oil field in the Mangistau Oblast of the Republic of Kazakhstan as more particularly  described  in the Petroleum Contract and the License. "Offtake Agreement" means that certain Crude Oil Sale and Purchase Agreement between the Principal and STASCO  dated   1 November 1999 . "Offtake Agreement Effective  Date  " means the "effective  date  " of and as  defined  in the Offtake Agreement. "Other Agreement" means any agreement other than the Offtake Agreement pursuant to which the Principal  sells  Karakuduk Crude Oil. "Parties" is  defined  in the Preamble to this Contract. "Petroleum Contract" means that certain Agreement for Exploration, Development and Production of Oil in Karakuduk Oil Field in Mangistau Oblast of the Republic of Kazakhstan between the Ministry of Oil and Gas Industries of the Republic of Kazakhstan for and on behalf of the Government of the Republic of Kazakhstan and the Principal. "License" means License No. MG#249 (Oil)  dated   25 June 1995  (as subsequently  amended  )  granted  to the Principal by the Government of the Republic of Kazakhstan. "Principal" is  defined  in the Preamble to this Contract. "Principal Period" means the period from the Effective  Date  to the CPC Pipeline Operational  Date  . "REBCO" means Commodity that  satisfies  the specifications of TU-39- 1623 - 93  "Russian oil  delivered  for export; Specifications" for export to the far abroad. 2

"Secondary Period" means the period from the CPC Pipeline Operational  Date  to the  date  of termination of this Contract (inclusive). "STASCO" means Shell Trading International Limited  acting  through its agent Shell International Trading and Shipping Company Limited. "Tenge" means official currency of the Republic of Kazakhstan. 2.2 In this Contract, unless the context otherwise  requires  :

i. Headings are  used  for convenience only and  do  not  affect  the interpretation      of this Contract;

ii. any expression, which means individual,  includes  any company, Partnership,      trust, joint venture, association, corporation, or other corporate      organization and vice versa;

iii. references to Articles and Sections, unless otherwise expressly  provided  in      this Contract, are references to articles and sections of this Contract;

iv. except as otherwise expressly  provided  , any reference to a document       includes  an amendment or  supplement  to, or replacement or renovation of,      that document;

v. a reference to any Party to this Agreement and to any other document       includes  that Party's legal successors and assigns;

vi. words, which mean the singular, also  include  the plural and vice versa;

vii. the word " including  " means " including  without limitation";

viii. a "business  day  " means  a day  (other than a  Saturday  or a  Sunday ) on which      banks are open for ordinary banking business in London;

ix. "tonne" is a metric ton; and

x. a " year  " means a calendar  year  , a " quarter  " means a calendar  quarter  , and a      " month  " means a calendar  month  . 3. QUALITY

3.1  Unless otherwise  agreed  by the Parties, the Principal shall at all times       deliver  to the Company Karakuduk Commodity pursuant to this Contract. The      Company shall  ensure  that (i) during the Principal Period, the quality of      Commodity  delivered  at the relevant delivery point shall be REBCO, and (ii)      during the Secondary Period, the quality of Commodity  delivered  at the CPC      Terminal shall be Karakuduk Commodity for segregated batch deliveries or      shall be CPC Blend for deliveries for which segregated batch delivery is      not available. 4. OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES

4.1  At all times during the  term  of this Contract, the Company shall:





(i)  Assist in  obtaining  required&sbsp;official export permissions (certificate of      origin of the Commodity at place the load output, customs declaration on      Commodity output) for release of the batch of Commodity being  delivered       from the customs territory of the Republic of Kazakhstan;

                                       3

(ii)  accept  Karakuduk Commodity from the Principal at Metering Point 719 (PSP      Samara of the Western branch office of KazTransOil) and  arrange  its      transportation for export in accordance with the Delivery Basis;

(iii)  execute  all customs formalities to  carry  out transit transportation of the      batch of Commodity through the territory of Russian Federation and the      countries of the C.I.S.;

(iv) procure sending of a route telegram to AK Transneft;

(v)  procure delivery of the  indicated  Commodity to the Buyer on the Delivery      Basis, less operating losses in transportation of the Commodity, that are       charged  to the Principal's account;

(vi) procure berthing for the Buyer's tanker and delivery of the batch of      Commodity to such tanker through the Company's agents in the relevant port;

(vii) timely present to the Principal the Acts of acceptance-delivery of the      Commodity (oil)/Bills of Lading  executed  at the Delivery Basis. (During the      Principal Period, Acts of acceptance-delivery  executed  on the DAF basis      (Adamovo, Fenyeshlitke or Budkovce) shall be  presented  in one copy, Bills      of Lading and sets of  shipping  documents  attached  to them  executed  on the      FOB basis (Odessa, Novorossiysk or Ventspils) shall be  presented  in the      number of copies  specified  in the Buyer's instructions, and during the      Secondary Period, such documents as may be  required  at that time  executed       on the FOB CPC Terminal basis shall be  presented   according  to the list and      in the number of copies as it would be  agreed  between Principal, Company      and CPC;

(viii)  provide  the Principal with information on the status of execution of this      Contract;

(ix) on the Principal's request,  prepare  analyses of the Buyer's calculations of      prices;

(x)   cooperate  with the Principal, to  render  , if possible, such assistance that      can  prove  necessary for the Principal to  perform  its obligations under the      Offtake Agreement or any other contract with the Buyer  regarding  Commodity;      and

(xi) during the  term  of this Contract,  observe  all provisions of this Contract      and other terms and conditions  agreed  upon with the Principal. 4.2  At all times during the  term  of this Contract, the Principal shall:

(i)   Deliver  Karakuduk Commodity to the Company at Metering Point 719 (PSP      Samara of the Western branch office of KazTransOil) in the amount       determined  in accordance with item 1.2 of this Agreement;

(ii) independently  conclude  contracts with the Buyer on  selling  Crude Oil for      export and  submit  a copy of each such contract with the Buyer to the      Company  5 days  before the beginning of the relevant Delivery Month;

(iii)  obtain  , at its own expense,  required  official export permissions      (certificate of origin of the Commodity at place of the load output,      customs declaration on Commodity output) for release of the batch of      Commodity being  delivered  from the customs territory of the Republic of      Kazakstan and  deliver  them before the 5th  day  of the Delivery Month;

(iv) if the Delivery Basis is DAF,  provide  the Company before the 5th  day  of the      Delivery Month with a copy of confirmation from AK Transneft on its      readiness to  accept  the  agreed  batch of Commodity from coordinators at the      relevant directions;

                                       4

(v)  if the Delivery Basis is FOB, to  provide  the Company and the Company's      agent in the relevant port  5 days  before the  agreed  upon loading&bbsp;period      (Laycan) with the Buyer's instructions on  filling  in the shipping      documents,  including  name of the vessel, its characteristics, loading      period (Laycan),  lay  time and other necessary data;

(vi)  make  a 100% pre-payment for transportation of the batch of Commodity      through the territory of Russian Federation and the CIS countries, in      accordance with the Payment Order of AK Transneft;

(vii)  pay  the additional expenses if the transport tariffs are  increased  ,       providing  the Company  presents  the appropriate documents;

(viii)  reimburse  the Company for the cost of execution of the customs      declaration at the Energy customs office of the RF in accordance with the      Company's invoice;





(ix)  reimburse  the Company for all expenses reasonably  incurred  in connection      with the performance by the Company of its obligations under this Contract      within 30 (thirty) days of delivery to the Principal of proper invoices and      other  supporting  documents for such expenses;

(x)   pay  the Company's fee for the services  rendered  under Article 5 hereof, in      accordance with the invoice and tax invoice;

(xi)  provide  copies of all payment documents;

(xii)  pay  all transportation and other expense of KazTransOil on the territory      of Kazakhstan under its contract with KazTransOil;

(xiii) to  make  all necessary payments to the budget of the Republic of      Kazakhstan  related  to  excise  taxes, VAT and other obligatory payments to      the budget in accordance with the tax legislation

(xiv) during the  term  of this Contract,  observe  all provisions of this Contract      and other terms and conditions  agreed  upon with the Company. 5. COMPANY'S FEE AND PAYMENT TERMS

5.1  The Principal shall  pay  the Company a fee of $1.00 (one dollar), inclusive      of VAT, per one net tonne of Commodity  shipped  pursuant to this Contract. 5.2  The Principal shall  pay  the commission fee for each  delivered  batch of      Commodity to the Company's account within 30 (thirty) banking days after      the Delivery  Date  . 5.3  The payment shall be  made  in accordance with the invoice  presented  by the      Company and the tax invoice (original or a fax copy) in Tenge at the      official exchange rate of the National Bank of the Republic of Kazakhstan      effective on the Delivery  Date  in accordance with item 4.1.vii. 6. PERIOD AND TERMS OF LOADING

6.1  Commodity will be  shipped  by the Company in batches during the period from      the Effective  Date  through the  term  of this Contract subject to (i) the      Principal  having  the requisite supplies of Commodity and (ii) the Principal       having   entered  into the Offtake Agreement or another Agreement with the      Buyer. 5

6.2  The Company shall have a right to  deliver  Commodity to the Buyer with a      permissible +/-5% deviation from the number of batches of Commodity. 7. OWNERSHIP RIGHT AND  RISK  OF ACCIDENTAL LOSS

7.1  Ownership right and risk of loss with respect to all Commodity  transported       under this Contract, shall  remain  with the Principal at all times prior to      transfer of the ownership right and risk of loss with respect to such      Commodity to the Buyer in accordance with the Delivery Basis. At no time      shall the Company have the ownership right to any Commodity  transported       under this Contract. 7.2  At any time in accordance with reasonable requirements of the Principal,      the Company shall  confirm  the Principal's ownership rights to Commodity,       transported  under this Contract. 7.3  At any time the Principal may  insure  this Contract at his own expense, and      the Company shall  render  feasible assistance to the Principal in this case. 8. LIABILITY; INDEMNITY

8.1  The Parties shall be liable for non-execution and/or improper execution of      their obligations under this Agreement in accordance with the legislation      of the Republic of Kazakstan. 8.2  In case if the Principal  violates  the conditions of this Contract, and such      violation  entails  infringement of the Off-take Agreement conditions by the      Principal, then the Principal shall be solely liable in front of the      Purchaser for such violations. In addition, the Company shall not be liable      in front of the Principal or the Purchaser hereunder. 8.3  In case if violation by the Principal of the Off-take Agreement conditions       takes  place due to infringement by the Company of its liabilities in front      of the Principal under this Contract, the Company shall be soley liable in      front of the Principal for such losses  resulting  from such violation ,       evidenced  and  supported  by  confirming  documents .. 9.
