
[FORM]

ONLINE HOSTING AGREEMENT

This Online Hosting Agreement (this "Agreement") is being  entered  into effective as of the 1st  day  of  June ,  1999  and is  entered  into by and between Diplomat Direct Marketing Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Diplomat"), and Tadeo E-Commerce Corp., a Delaware corporation ("Tadeo"). R E C I T A L S

A. Historically, Diplomat has been  engaged  directly in, among other things, the business of  offering  consumers the opportunity to  place  apparel orders directly with Diplomat through its toll free telephone number and its web site (the "Direct Access Business"). B.  Recently , Tadeo was  formed  and Tadeo and Diplomat have  entered  into a Web Design and Consulting Agreement of even  date  herewith (the "Web Agreement") pursuant to which Tadeo has  agreed  to  assist  Diplomat in  developing  the technology, and  providing  other services necessary, to further Diplomat's Direct Access Business,  including  the hosting and maintenance of Diplomat's web site (the "Web Site"). C. In connection with Diplomat's operation of its Direct Access Business, Diplomat desires to  obtain  various online  hosting  services ("Services") from Tadeo, and Tadeo desires to  provide  such Services to Diplomat. THEREFORE, THE PARTIES HEREBY AGREE AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. SERVICES. Tadeo shall  provide  , directly or through a third party vendor reasonably satisfactory to Diplomat, the Online Hosting Services  described  on EXHIBIT A hereto, at the cost  specified  and on the other terms and conditions as set forth on EXHIBIT A. Section 2. COMPENSATION. Diplomat will  pay  to Tadeo when due a fee for each of the Services equal to the amount  described  in EXHIBIT A hereto  relating  to each such Service; PROVIDED, that in the event Diplomat  terminates  this Agreement in accordance with Section 3 hereof, the fee for the provision of each

- 2 -

 terminated  Service shall  cease  to accrue on and after the effective  date  of such termination. In the event that Diplomat  terminates  this Agreement other than in accordance with Section 3, Diplomat shall be  obligated  to  pay  for the Services in accordance with the fee schedule  contained  on EXHIBIT A throughout the balance of the Period (as hereinafter  defined  ) as though Tadeo  continued  to  provide  the  terminated  Services through the balance of the Period. Late payments shall  accrue  interest at a rate equal to fifteen (15%) percent per annum. Section 3. TERM. (a) The  term  of this Agreement shall  begin  on the  date  hereof (the "Effective  Date  ") and shall  continue  for a period of  12 months  thereafter (the "Period") in full force and effect until it is  terminated  in accordance with this Section 3. (b) Diplomat or Tadeo, if such party is not in default of the terms of this Agreement, may  extend  the  term  of this Agreement for an additional  one year  ("Additional Period"),  provided  the  extending  party  gives  the other party at least sixty (60) days advance  written  notice before the end of the Period. If either party  elects  to  extend  the Agreement for the Additional Period, all other terms and conditions of this Agreement shall  continue  during the Additional Period. (c) Tadeo shall have the right (but not the obligation) to  terminate  this Agreement and the rights  granted  to Diplomat hereunder if:

(i) Diplomat is in material breach of any of its obligations hereunder, which breach is not  cured  within  five days  of receipt of  written  notice from Tadeo of such breach;

(ii) The Web Agreement is  terminated  by any of Tadeo, Diplomat, or any other party thereto [in the event the rights and obligations of any party(ies) to such Web Agreement have been duly  assigned  to a third party(ies) under the terms thereof] in accordance with the terms of the Web Agreement, but not if the Web Agreement is  terminated  by Tadeo or its assignee(s) other than in accordance with the terms of the Web Agreement;

(iii) Diplomat is the subject of a voluntary petition in bankruptcy or any voluntary proceeding  relating  to insolvency, receivership, liquidation or composition for the benefit of creditors, if such petition or proceeding is not  dismissed  within  60 days  of filing, or  becomes  the subject of any involuntary petition in bankruptcy or any involuntary proceeding  relating  to insolvency, receivership, liquidation or composition for the benefit of creditors, if such petition or proceeding is not  dismissed  within  60 days  of filing;





(iv) Diplomat involuntarily  dissolves  or is  dissolved  ;

- 3 -

(v) Diplomat is judicially  adjudicated  insolvent or generally is unable to  pay  its debts as they  mature  or  makes  an assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or

(vi) Upon Tadeo  giving  Diplomat at least sixty (60) days advance  written  notice of termination of this Agreement. (d) Diplomat shall have the right (but not the obligation) to  terminate  this Agreement and the rights  granted  to Tadeo hereunder if:

(i) Tadeo is in material breach of any of its obligations hereunder, which breach is not  cured  within  five days  of receipt of  written  notice from Diplomat of such breach;

(ii) The Web Agreement is  terminated  by any of Tadeo, Diplomat, or any other party thereto [in the event the rights and obligations of any party(ies) to such Web Agreement have been duly  assigned  to a third party(ies) under the terms thereof] in accordance with the terms of the Web Agreement, but not if the Web Agreement is  terminated  by Diplomat or its assignee(s) other than in accordance with the terms of the Web Agreement;

(iii) Tadeo is the subject of a voluntary petition in bankruptcy or any voluntary proceeding  relating  to insolvency, receivership, liquidation or composition for the benefit of creditors, if such petition or proceeding is not  dismissed  within  60 days  of filing, or  becomes  the subject of any involuntary proceeding  relating  to insolvency, receivership, liquidation or composition for the benefit of creditors, if such petition or proceeding is not  dismissed  within  60 days  of filing. (iv) Tadeo involuntarily  dissolves  or is  dissolved  ;

(v) Tadeo is judicially  adjudicated  insolvent or generally is unable to  pay  its debts as they  mature  or  makes  an assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or

(vi) Upon Diplomat  giving  Tadeo at least sixty (60) days advance  written  notice of termination of this Agreement. (e) Tadeo will have the right (but not the obligation) to  terminate  this Agreement and the rights  granted  to Diplomat hereunder, upon  60 days   written  notice to Diplomat,  following  the acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets of Diplomat by any Permitted Assignee (as  defined  in Section 9(a) of this Agreement), or the acquisition of the beneficial ownership of at least 20% (the "Threshold") of the voting power  represented  by the voting securities of Diplomat, any successor thereto or any Permitted Assignee by any person or

- 4 -

"group" within the meaning of Sections 13(d)(3) and 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of  1934 , as  amended  (the "Exchange Act"), or any successor provision to either of the foregoing,  including  any group  acting  for the purpose of  acquiring  ,  holding  or disposing of securities within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act or any successor provision thereof (a "group") other than The Rubin Family Irrevocable Stock Trust U/A dated  April 30, 1997 ,  organized  under the laws of the State of New York (the "Trust"), Robert M. Rubin ("Rubin"), or any affiliate of Rubin or the Trust. For purposes of this Agreement, (i) the  term  "beneficial ownership" shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act or any successor provisions thereof, (ii) the  term  " voting  securities' means the common Stock, par value $.0001 per share, of Diplomat and any other securities  issued  by Diplomat  having  the power to  vote  generally in the election of directors of Diplomat and (iii) the  term  "affiliate" means a person or entity directly or indirectly  controlled  by, controlling or under common control with another person. For purposes of this Section 3, an acquisition shall not  include  (A) the acquisition by a person of  voting  securities of Diplomat pursuant to an involuntary disposition through foreclosure or similar event, or (B) the acquisition by a person of  voting  securities of Diplomat pursuant to a dividend  intended  to be on a tax-free basis (a "Tax-Free Spin-Off") under the Internal Revenue Code of  1986 , as  amended  from time to time, but shall  include  a subsequent acquisition of voting securities pursuant to a disposition by the person that  acquired  the voting securities in such involuntary disposition or such Tax-Free Spin-Off. In the event any person  acquires  beneficial ownership of  voting  power in excess of the Threshold as a result of a transaction  described  in the immediately  preceding  sentence, the Threshold with respect to such person shall be  adjusted  to an amount equal to the percentage of beneficial ownership  held  by such person immediately  following  such transaction. (f) A party may  exercise  its right to  terminate  pursuant to this Section 3 by  sending  appropriate written notice to the other party. No exercise by a party of its rights under this Section will  limit  its remedies by reason of the other party's default, the party's rights to  exercise  any other rights under this Section 3, or any of that party's other rights. Section 4. RECORDS AND ACCOUNTS. Tadeo will  maintain  accurate books, records and accounts of all transactions  relating  to the Services  performed  by it pursuant to this Agreement. Diplomat may, at its own expense,  examine  and  copy  those books and records as  provided  in this Section 4. Such books, records and accounts will be  maintained  in a manner that  allows  Diplomat to  separate  these matters from those  relating  to Tadeo's other operations. Such books, records and accounts will  reflect  such information as would normally be  examined  by an independent accountant in  performing  an audit pursuant to United States generally  accepted  auditing standards for the purpose of  certifying  financial statements, and to  permit  verification thereof by governmental agencies. Diplomat may  make  examinations pursuant hereto during Tadeo's usual business hours, and at the place in the continental United States where Tadeo regularly  keeps  these books and records. Diplomat will be  required  to  notify  Tadeo at least five business days before the  date  of  planned  examination. If Diplomat's examination is not  completed  within  one month  from commencement, Tadeo at any time may  require  Diplomat to  terminate  such examination on

- 5 -

 seven days ' notice to Diplomat;  PROVIDED  that Tadeo has  cooperated  with Diplomat in the examination of such books and records. Section 5. NO RESTRICTIONS. Nothing in this Agreement shall  limit  or  restrict  the right of any of Diplomat's directors, officers or employees or any of Tadeo's directors, officers or employees to  engage  directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as Diplomat or, respectively, or  limit  or  restrict  the right of Diplomat or Tadeo as the case may be, to  engage  in any other business or to  render  or  obtain  , as the case may be, services of any kind to or from, as the case may be , any corporation, firm, individual, trust or association. Section 6. INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS. Tadeo and Diplomat are independent contractors. There is no relationship of partnership, joint venture, employment, franchise or agency between Tadeo and Diplomat. Neither Tadeo nor Diplomat shall have the power to  bind  the other or  incur  obligations on the other's behalf without the other's prior  written  consent. When Tadeo's employees  act  under the terms of this Agreement, they shall be  deemed  at all times to be under the supervision and responsibility of Tadeo and no person  employed  by Tadeo and  acting  under the terms of this Agreement shall be  deemed  to be  acting  as agent or employee of Diplomat or any customer of Diplomat for any purpose whatsoever. Section 7. CONFIDENTIALITY. Tadeo and Diplomat each  agree  to  hold  in strict confidence, and to  use  reasonable efforts to  cause  each of their employees and representatives to  hold  in strict confidence, all confidential information  concerning  Tadeo or Diplomat, as the case may be,  furnished  to or  obtained  by the other party, in the course of  performing  the obligations  provided  for under this Agreement except to the extent that (a) such information has been in the public domain through no fault of Tadeo or Diplomat, as the case may be, (b) disclosure or release is  compelled  by judicial or administrative process, or (c) in the opinion of counsel to Tadeo or Diplomat, as the as may be, disclosure or release is necessary pursuant to requirements of law or the requirements of any governmental entity  including  , without limitation, disclosure requirements under the securities laws of the United States or similar laws of other jurisdictions applicable to Tadeo or Diplomat, as the case may be. Section 8. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS OF TADEO. All materials,  including  but not limited to any computer software (in object code and source code form), data or information  developed  or  provided  by Tadeo, or its suppliers under this Agreement, and any know-how, methodologies, equipment, or processes  used  by Tadeo to  provide  the Services to Diplomat,  including  , without limitation, all copy-rights, trademarks,

- 6 -

patents, trade secrets, and any other proprietary rights inherent therein and appurtenant thereto (collectively, "Host Materials") shall  remain  the sole and exclusive property of Tadeo or its suppliers. To the extent, if any, that ownership of the Hose Materials  does  not automatically  vest  in Tadeo by virtue of this Agreement or otherwise, Diplomat hereby transfers and assigns to Tadeo all rights, title and interest which Diplomat may have in and to the Host Materials. Diplomat  acknowledges  and  agrees  that Tadeo is in the business of  designing  and  hosting  Web sites, and that Tadeo shall have the right to  provide  to third parties services which are the same or similar to the Tadeo Services, and to  use  or otherwise  exploit  any Host Materials in  providing  such services. Section 9. DISPUTE RESOLUTION. (a) In the event that any party to this Agreement has any claim, right or cause of action against any other party to this Agreement, which the parties shall be unable to  settle  by agreement between themselves, such claim, right or cause of action, to the extent that the relief  sought  by such party is for monetary damages or awards, shall be  determined  by arbitration in accordance with the Rules of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"),





through the adjudication by a single arbitrator, in New York, New York, with the decision of such arbitrator to be final and  binding  upon all parties. The fees, costs and expenses of such arbitration, as  submitted  by the AAA, shall be  borne  equally by both Tadeo and Diplomat; PROVIDED, that each of Tadeo and Diplomat shall  pay  the fees, costs and expenses of its own counsel, accountants and other representatives in connection with such arbitration. The parameters of the AAA proceedings  undertaken  in accordance with this Section 8 shall be  prescribed  such that a decision shall be  rendered  within sixty (60) days  following  the initial  written  reference of the related dispute to AAA arbitration.
