
EXHIBIT 10.32

               CO-BRANDING, MARKETING AND DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT

     This Agreement,  {E3 dated}  as of  January 30, 2000  ("Effective  Date  "), is  {E4 made}  and  {E5 entered}  into by and between Amazon.com Commerce Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("ACSI"), and Audible Inc. a Delaware corporation ("Company"). ACSI and Company are sometimes  {E6 referred}  to collectively  {E7 herein}  as the "Parties" and individually as a "Party."  ACSI and Company  {E8 agree}  as  follows  :

Section 1. Definitions

     Whenever  {E9 used}  in this Agreement with initial letters  {E10 capitalized}  , the  following  terms shall have the  following  specified meanings:

     "ACSI Competitor" means, collectively, such persons and entities as the Parties may agree upon from time to time. ACSI may  {E11 update}  any  {E12 agreed}  -upon list of ACSI Competitors no more frequently than  once per quarter  by  {E13 written}  notice,  {E14 provided}  that: (a) the number of entities  {E15 specified}  on such list shall at no time [***]; (b) any entities  {E16 added}  to such list must be [***]; and (c) no addition of any ACSI Competitor to such list shall  {E17 require}  Company to  {E18 breach}  any contractual or legal obligation to such ACSI Competitor by which Company is  {E19 bound}  as of the date of such addition. "ACSI Derivative Work" means any Derivative Work (whether created by ACSI, Company, or the Parties jointly) of any ACSI Existing Intellectual Property or ACSI Future Intellectual Property. "ACSI Existing Intellectual Property" means, collectively, all of the following existing as of the Effective  Date  : (a) the Trademarks of ACSI and its Affiliates; and (b) the ACSI Site, including, without limitation, any and all content, data, URLs, domain names, technology, software, code, user interfaces, "look and feel", ACSI Site Functionality, Trademarks and other items posted thereon or used in connection or associated with any of the foregoing. "ACSI Future Intellectual Property" means, collectively, all of the following which are invented, created, developed or first reduced to practice by ACSI or its Affiliates after the Effective  Date  without the participation of Company or its Affiliates: (a) any Trademarks; and (b) any content, data, URLs, domain names, technology, software, code, user interfaces, "look and feel," ACSI Site Functionality and other items (but excluding any Company Derivative Works). "ACSI Intellectual Property" means, collectively, any ACSI Existing Intellectual Property, ACSI Future Intellectual Property and ACSI Derivative Works, but excluding any Joint Works. --------------- ***Confidential Information has been  {E20 omitted}  and has been  {E21 filed}  separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. -1-

     "ACSI Product Section" means a discrete group of products available on the ACSI Site which is identified by a tab or other top-level product category identifier on the ACSI Site Home Page, but excluding: (a) the ACSI Site Home Page itself; and (b) any mechanisms, areas or services on or through which third parties may sell products through the ACSI Site in connection with ACSI's and its Affiliates' programmatic selling initiatives (including, without limitation, the existing "Auctions", "zShops", "Sothebys.amazon.com" and "Amazon.com Advantage" areas and services of the ACSI Site, and any successors or replacements to any of them). "ACSI Product Sub-Section" means a discrete sub-set of products in any ACSI Product Section which is accessible by following or using a browse tree or hypertext links on the ACSI Site, and is identified by a permanent product category description on the ACSI Site  (e.g., as opposed to a description generated in response to a user search query), but is not identified by a tab or other top-level product category identifier on the ACSI Site Home Page (e.g., as of the Effective  Date  , the "business & investing" or "audio books" sub-set of products included in, and accessible through the browse tree of, the ACSI Product Section identified by the "Books" tab on the ACSI Home Page (the "Books Product Section")). "ACSI Site" means that Web Site, the primary Home Page of which is identified by the URL www.amazon.com (and any successor or replacement Web                       -------------- Site). For the avoidance of doubt, the "ACSI Site"  does  not  {E22 include}  any other Web Sites  {E23 maintained}  by or for ACSI or its Affiliates ( including  , without limitation, those Web Sites, the primary Home Pages of which are  {E24 identified}  by the URL's www.amazon.co.uk and www.amazon.de). ----------------     -------------

     "ACSI Site Functionality" means, collectively: (a) tab, search and browse functionality available to users of the ACSI Site for navigating through ACSI Product Sections (including, without limitation, the layout and design thereof); (b) payment and transaction functionality available to users of the ACSI Site for purchasing products (including, without limitation, "shopping cart" and "Payment with 1-Click" functionality), (c) any other functionality available on the ACSI Site which ACSI may make available to Company from time to time, and (d) any future equivalents, improvements and enhancements of any of the foregoing. "Affiliate" means, with respect to any person or entity (including either Party), any other person or entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with that person or entity, or which that person or entity beneficially owns at least fifty percent (50%) of the equity interests therein (provided, however, that with respect to the Parties, no individual or entity as to which the ultimate parent entity of a Party does not directly or indirectly control the operations or management thereof (e.g., in the case of ACSI as of the date of this Agreement, Gear.com, Inc.) shall be deemed to be an Affiliate of such Party for purposes of this Agreement). "Annual Fee" means the sum of [***], representing the fixed fee payable by Company to ACSI with respect to  each Year . ---------------

Source: AUDIBLE INC, 10-Q,  11/13/2000 





***Confidential Information has been  {E25 omitted}  and has been  {E26 filed}  separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. -2-

     "Change of Control" means, with respect to Company, a transaction or series of related transactions that results in (a) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of Company, (b) the transfer of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding voting power of Company (other than directly or indirectly to a parent or wholly-owned subsidiary of Company), or (c) the acquisition by a person or entity, by reason of any contractual arrangement or understanding with one or more persons or entities, of the right or power to appoint or cause to be appointed a majority of the directors or officers of Company. "Claim" means any claim, action or proceeding instituted by a third party (other than an Affiliate of a Party), including, without limitation, any governmental authority. "Closing" means the consummation of the purchase of common stock of Company pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement between ACSI and Company dated on or about the Effective  Date  (the "Securities Purchase Agreement"). "Company Derivative Work" means any Derivative Work (whether created by ACSI, Company, or the Parties jointly) of any Company Existing Intellectual Property or Company Future Intellectual Property. "Company Existing Intellectual Property" means, collectively, all of the following existing as of the Effective  Date  : (a) the Trademarks of Company and its Affiliates; (b) the Company Site, including, without limitation, any and all content, data, URLs, domain names, technology, software, code, user interfaces, "look and feel," Trademarks and other items posted thereon or used in connection or associated with any of the foregoing

     "Company Future Intellectual Property" means, collectively, all of the following which are invented, created, developed or first reduced to practice by Company or its Affiliates after the Effective  Date  without the participation of ACSI or its Affiliates: (a) any Trademarks; and (b) any content, data, URLs, domain names, technology, software, code, user interfaces, "look and feel" or other items (but excluding any ACSI Derivative Works). "Company Intellectual Property" means, collectively, any Company Existing Intellectual Property, Company Future Intellectual Property, and Company Derivative Works, but excluding any Joint Works. "Company Site" means, collectively: (a) that Web Site, the primary Home Page for which is identified by the URL www.audible.com (and any successor or replacement Web Site); and (b) any other Web Sites operated by or for Company or its Affiliates from time to time (excluding the Mirror Company Site) through which Spoken-Word Audio Products are {E1 sold} or {E2 offered} for sale. "Confidential Information" means, with respect to either Party, all information relating to such Party or its Affiliates that is designated as confidential or that, given the nature of the information or the circumstances surrounding its disclosure, reasonably should

                                      -3-

be  {E27 considered}  as confidential. Confidential Information  {E28 includes}  , without limitation, (a) all information  relating  to a Party's or its Affiliates' technology, customers, business plans, promotional and marketing activities, finances and other business affairs; (b) all third party information that a Party or its Affiliates is  {E29 obligated}  to  {E30 keep}  confidential; and (c) the terms of this Agreement. Confidential Information may be  {E31 contained}  in tangible materials, such as drawings, data, specifications, reports and computer programs, or may be in the nature of unwritten knowledge. Confidential Information  does  not  {E32 include}  any information that (i) has  {E33 become}  publicly available without breach of this Agreement, (ii) can be  {E34 shown}  by documentation to have been  {E35 known}  to the Receiving Party at the time of its receipt from the Disclosing Party or its Affiliates without a breach of confidentiality or other improper means, (iii) is received from a third party who did not acquire or disclose such information by a wrongful or tortious act or (iv) can be shown by documentation to have been independently developed by the Receiving Party without reference to any Confidential Information. "Derivative Work" means any adaptation, modification, enhancement, improvement or derivative work. "Disclosing Party" means a Party that discloses Confidential Information to the other Party in connection with this Agreement. "Exclusive Spoken-Word Audio Products" means: (a) spoken-word audio-only products, in a format suitable for digital download and/or streaming, [***]

     " Existing  ACSI Product Section" means any ACSI Product Section identified on the ACSI Site Home Page as of the Effective  Date  , as shown in the screen shot attached as Exhibit A. "Home Page" means, with respect to a Web Site or section of a Web Site (e.g., any section of the ACSI Site primarily related to an ACSI Product Section or ACSI Product Sub-Section), the Web page designated by the operator of the Web Site as the initial and primary end user interface for such Web Site or section of a Web Site. "Internet Radio Service" means a service through which users may receive interactive or other broadcasts via the Internet or other public or private data networks. "Joint Work" means any content, data, URLs, domain names, technology, software, code, user interfaces, "look and feel" or other items which are invented, created, developed or first reduced to practice jointly by the Parties after the Effective  Date  , are protected or protectable by any Intellectual Property Rights and either: (a) include or incorporate both ACSI Existing Intellectual Property, ACSI Future Intellectual Property and/or ACSI Derivative Works, on the one hand, and/or Company Existing Intellectual Property, Company Future Intellectual Property and/or Company Derivative Works, on the other hand; or (b) include or incorporate no ACSI Existing Intellectual Property or ACSI

Source: AUDIBLE INC, 10-Q,  11/13/2000 





Derivative Works, on the one hand, or Company Existing Intellectual Property or Company Derivative Works, on the other hand;  {E36 provided}  , however, that notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that any such items  {E37 incorporate}  in whole or in part any ACSI

--------------- ***Confidential Information has been  {E38 omitted}  and has been  {E39 filed}  separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. -4-

Site Functionality or technology, software, code, user interfaces or " look  and  feel  "  {E40 related}  thereto or  {E41 incorporated}  therein, such items shall be  {E42 deemed}  ACSI Derivative Works in their entirety and not Joint Works or Company Intellectual Property. "Incentive Offer" means either (a) a discount in the purchase price of Spoken-Word Audio Products offered for sale from or through the Spoken-Word Audio Sub-Section or (b) an equivalent benefit upon purchase of a Spoken-Word Audio Product from or through the Spoken-Word Audio Sub-Section. "Intellectual Property Right" means any patent, copyright, trademark, trade dress, trade name or trade secret right and any other intellectual property or proprietary right. "Launch  Date  " means the date on which the Parties mutually agree to launch the Spoken-Word Audio Sub-Section, but in any event no later than  90 days  after the Effective  Date  . "Law" means any law, ordinance, rule, regulation, order, license, permit and other requirement,  now  or hereafter in effect, of any governmental authority of competent jurisdiction. "Mirror Company Site" means a "mirrored" version of that Web Site, the primary Home Page for which is identified by the URL www.audible.com (and any successor or replacement Web Site). The primary home page of the Mirror Company Site shall be  {E43 identified}  by the URL www.amazon.audible.com (or such other URL as                                     ---------------------- the Parties may  {E44 agree}  upon). "Proration Percentage" means, as of any date within the Refund Period, the following quantity, expressed as a percentage: (a) one (1); minus (b) the sum of: (i) the number of  days  of the Refund Period which have elapsed prior to such date; divided by (ii) the total number of  days  in the Refund Period. "Non-Exclusive Spoken-Word Audio Products" means spoken-word audio-only products, in a format suitable for digital download and/or streaming (excluding Exclusive Spoken-Word Audio Products and Related Products), [***]

     "Receiving Party" means a Party that receives Confidential Information from the other Party in connection with this Agreement. "Referral Information" means any information disclosing that a specific end-user traveled from the ACSI Site to the Mirror Company Site or purchased any products through the Spoken-Word Audio Sub-Section (however obtained), or other personally-identifying information regarding users of the ACSI Site (including the Spoken-Word Audio Sub-Section). --------------- ***Confidential Information has been  {E45 omitted}  and has been  {E46 filed}  separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. -5-

     "Refund Period" means the period of time from the date upon which Company makes the payment called for by Section 5.2.1  [Annual Fees] (or is deemed to have made such payment pursuant to Section 5.3  [Waiver of Payment Obligations]) until the end of Year 2. "Related Products" means: [***]

     "Site" means either the ACSI Site, on the one hand, or the Mirror Company Site and Company Site collectively, on the other hand, as required by the context. "Spoken-Word Audio Products" means, collectively, Exclusive Spoken-Word Audio Products, Related Products and Non-Exclusive Spoken-Word Audio Products. "Spoken-Word Audio Sub-Section" means an ACSI Product Sub-Section, to be created pursuant to this Agreement, featuring Spoken-Word Audio Products (but subject to Section 9.2 with respect to Related Products) and which shall be identified on the ACSI Site by such heading as the Parties may agree upon. " Term  " means the  term  of this Agreement as defined in Section 10. "Trademark" means any trademark, service mark, trade name, trade dress, proprietary logo or insignia or other source or business identifier. "Web Site" means any point of presence maintained on the Internet or on any other public or private data network.




